welcome to the man of recaps. this is the mandalorian, season two, episode one. yes, the mandalorian's back baby. he's walked through the streets of this scary town at night with his companion, baby yoda, who is as cute as ever. he steps into a fighting ring where these two axe aliens are going at it. he's here to meet the cyclops alien, because this guy apparently knows where some other mandalorians are. remember, mando's main quest is to take baby yoda safely to others of his species, but no one seems to have any idea what species he is. so he's looking for more mandalorians that can hopefully help him. but this guy turns on mando. he's going to kill him to take his best guard steel armor, which is worth a fortune. you don't want to mess with mando, though. baby yoda puts his blast shield up as he oh, the whistling birds. boom, then an epic fight. yeah, but he's got the best guard steel. you can't take him out. aw, so he strings this guy up, promises, you won't die by my hand if you tell me what you know. so this guy reveals he's heard rumors of another mandalorian back on tatooine. then mando walks away. he promised not to kill this guy, but didn't say anything about the scary dog aliens. oh, hardcore. samantha goes back to the desert planet of tatooine, of course, luke skywalker's homeworld, and where mando went in episode 5 last season. he parks at the same garage where he made friends with the owner, amy sedaris. and in a nice show of character development, last time, he was like, yo, no, droid's on my ship. cause he still hated him. but after his adventures with ig11, he's like, ah, droids are okay. now, he heard the other mandalorian was in this specific town, so she pulls out a map on her droid. it's the red r5 unit from the original star wars. she's like, yeah, that one's way out in the desert. so she loans man to a speeder bike. and baby yoda's so cute. so mando rides into this town. this episode's got even more western vibes than usual. mando tracks down this other mandalorian, they call them marshall and, oh, my god, that is boba fett's armor. but this guy wearing it, clearly not boba fett. in fact, he immediately takes his helmet off. mando's like, whoa. that is not the way. in fact, under that helmet is timotheolaphant. he's not a mandalorian. he's just a guy named cobb vance who found this armor and is the marshal of this town. amanda's like, yo, if you ain't a mandalorian, you cannot wear that armor. give it back right now, or i'm gonna have to kill you. but before they can start their fight, they got a problem. some sort of earthquake. oh, it's a gigantic sandworm monster. boom, eats this thing. wow. he's like, yeah, man, that's a crate dragon. he's been terrorizing this town for a while. even with the armor, i can't kill it. you're a real mandalorian, you're an expert hunter, right? if you help me kill it, i'll give you the armor back. so they ride off into the desert together. this guy's made a speeder out of half a pod racer, whoa nice reference. he tells men of the story of how, after the empire fell, that was great, except it created a power vacuum. and this other group came in, took over the town, made everyone slaves. he managed to escape, was picked up by the jaws and was able to trade some super expensive crystals for boba fett's armor that they apparently salvaged from the sarlacc pit. armed with his new super suit, he came back and saved the town. yeah, this thing's got rocket launchers. anyway, they pass through a ravine and are ambushed by sand people. yeah, the tuscan raiders. but remember from last season, mando actually knows their language. he's able to speak with them. long story short, they want to kill that great dragon too. and it's like, yeah, let's team up. now, the sand people actually feed the great dragon sometimes, so it doesn't, you know, come out and eat them. it is very dangerous though, cause it skips the bantha and, oh, eats that unlucky guy. they realize this thing's way too big to take down. we're gonna need reinforcements. they're gonna need the whole town. now, there's a lot of animosity between the settlers and the sand people. they've had many skirmishes, casualties on both sides. amanda's like, yo, forget that. we've gotta work together. to take out this mutual threat. so the whole gang goes back to the caves. they've got a plan. they're gonna bury these mining charges in the sand, lure it out, then, boom, explode it. now this monster is absolutely enormous. it is super cool. they've got to keep shooting at it to make it angry, lure it out far enough so the explosives will get it. oh, by the way, this thing also has acid breath. it's finally close enough, blam, exploded. but it kind of sinks back down. i don't think we got it. yes, it bust out the top of its cave, raining acid breath down on them. so mando and the marshall double jet packs flying up there to distract it. this monster fight scene is so well done, the dune movie has a lot to live up to. eventually, mando gets a new plan. there's still a bunch of mining charges strapped to this one bantha. he gets the marshal to distract it with a rocket launcher. now it's coming right at him. it's like, yo, man, take care of baby other for me, and hits his jet pack, just like han solo did in return of the jedi, sending him flying off. manu needs this thing to eat the explosives, but he's got to stay there to distract it. and, oh, swallowed hole. is mando dead? no, he used his electric stick to make him spit it out, then, boom, exploded from the inside. so freaking cool. so cobb van hands over boba fett's armor. it's like, yo, man, you're cool, but, i mean, you still can't keep it the menu and baby yoda ride off into the sunset. but the episode's not over yet. a mysterious desert wanderer is watching them. who is this guy? it is confirmed boba fett. yes, it is cannon. now he survived the sarlacc pit. what adventures is he gonna have with mando? find out on the next episode of the mandalorian. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 