welcome to the man of recaps. this is robe one, a Star Wars story. road one takes place just before the original Star Wars, Episode four, a new hope. it starts with director cranek of the empire visiting Galen, our so an engineer, it's I came in you want to come help us build the Death Star? and he's like, not really, but I guess I don't have a choice. but he sent away his daughter, Jin or. so she hides in the rock basement until she's picked up by rebel leader sagar era. years later, sexy rebel guy is on a mission. he finds out that an imperial cargo pilot defected with news of the Death Star, but he was picked up by sagar era. anyway, it's jyn erso, all grown up. she's an imperial prisoner, but the rebellion comes and busts her out of there. they want to talk to the defecting pilot, but Sagar era left the official rebellion and formed his own rebellion, so they're not on good terms anymore. they're hoping Jin can talk to him since they're old friends. also, the message the pilot has is apparently from the lead engineer on the Death Star. her father Galen ourselves. so Jin's like, okay, visit uncle saw rescue my dad. I'm in. so they're heading off. they've also got this Imperial droid who's reprogrammed. he's real sassy but sexy. guy, is given a secret mission, not to rescue her dad, but to assassinate him, cuz, you know, he's too dangerous to be left alive. anyway, they fly to some planet, and it's like, man, how are we gonna find sagar arey? you know, he's very underground. boom, explosion. an imperial convoy attacked. it's all guerreras men. so our people join in the fight. they end up captured, but this guy's like, let him go. oh, he's a blind monk type, and he's got super daredevil hearing, so he's all like, boom. kickin. but yeah, he's got a friend in sidekick whose name I think his big gun guy. anyway, they're taking a seesaw Guerrera, who plays back the message from Jin's father. he's like, hey, what's up? I've secretly built in a weakness to the Death Star, but I can't just tell you what it is here, you know, the dad is too big. you have to go in and steal the plans herself. meanwhile, at the Death Star, it's a CGI commander Tarkin. he's talking to director critic, who is in charge of building the Death Star. and it's like, man, did your thing even work? it's like, oh, I'll show you a works. watch this fire Z lasers, pew, pew, boom. explodes just a little bit, not the whole planet. gens like, come on, let's go. but sounds like it's too late. save yourselves. so they run out of there and fly off. so I was like, you know, I probably could have made it if I ran so they fly out of there, and Tarkan's like, hey man. nice Death Star. critics like, yeah, thanks. I'm taking it now. it's mine. what that's BS, so he runs out of there. good guys go down to rainy planet, where the engineering lab deal in. ER. so works out is sexy guys going to assassinate him, but he decides not to. he's like, I can't do that to Jim chronic is there talking to him, because he knows it was him who sent the pilot to defect. but the rebellion flies in. they've got orders to shoot up the whole place. so Jim comes in, she's like, father. it's like, what? but boom, explosion. credit gets out of there, and gene goes to her father and talks to him one last time before he dies. but then on waffle world, Darth Vader has built himself a spa. he's like, a critic, this better be good, cuz you interrupted my bath. chronics like, hey, Tarkin stole my Death Star. can I have it back? Darth Vader's like, you know, I'm gonna choke you out and make a choking pun. ha. so Jin's trying to convince the rebellion that they need to go steal the Death Star plans, but everyone's divided and scared. so she gives an impassioned speech about rebellions are built on hope. and it's like, a nice speech, but we're still not gonna do it. sorry. so she and sexy man go in for an unauthorized mission, and they call themselves rogue one. it's the title of the movie, yeah. so the plans are being held on beautiful Beach world. they sneak in there, and their friends outside blow some things up to cause a distraction. plans are on a hard drive on these giant server towers. but the stormtroopers are coming, so sassy droid holds him off with a heroic lasts. and the power goes out, though, so jin has to jump onto the servers and grab the hard drive the old fashioned way. Jin climbs to the top where she can transmit the plans, but cranek comes up. unfortunately, stead of shooting her, he starts monologuing and gets shot himself by sexy guy outside. the pilot setting up communications, but he forgets to flip the on switch. so blonde guys like, oh, I'll do it, no problem. wait a minute. kind of sounds like people are shooting at me. he turns it on, but then immediately dies. and his friend, big gun guy, has a last end and dies too. and the pilot talks in rebellion like, hey man, we need your help right now. and then he dies as well. but the rebellion fleet shows up, led by Admiral Ackbar's blue brother. problem is there's a planet-wide shield, so they can't get in. so Admiral Sokka has a plan, airship Slice. they crash the one ship into the Star Destroyer and crash it into the other one, and it falls down in space for some reason, and it explodes the shield. with the shield down, Jin's able to transmit the plans up to them. chronic still alive, and he sees that the Death Star has come here. Tarkan's like, hey, this is gonna be hilarious. aim directly for cranek. boom, boom, boom, taken out of the rest of the planets, exploding - so Jin's like, a sexy guy, you want to make out? and he's like, oh, what? no, I'm not not really into you like that, but we'll hug it out as we die. rebellions like, Oh, tank. we got to get out of here. so they start to retreat, but it's an imperial star destroyer. Darth Vader's here, come to join the party. the rebels transfer the Death Star plans to this floppy disk, but as they're trying to bail the door is stuck, and down the hallway it's Darth Vader. Darth Vader is a beast. he's got god mode on, deflecting all the lasers, grabs the guy with the force slams him into the ceiling. aw man. they manage to hand off the disk. great before Vader gets there. and they bail on the ship, narrowly avoiding Vader's grasp. now, that is the ship from the original Star Wars, meaning that onboard is a CGI Princess Leia. and that's how row 1 comes to an end. [Music], 