[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movies. spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 science fiction film, ready player one? so let's get started. in 2045, the virtual reality universe Oasis, created by James Halliday in Ogden, Morrow of gregarious games, is where many people spend most of their life after holidays death. his avatar, anorak, announces a challenge granting ownership of Oasis to the first to find the golden Easter egg, which requires three keys. the quote-unquote bad guy, Nolan Sorrento, the CEO of innovative online industries ioi, uses a number of servants in their loyalty centers and employees, to find the egg first. Wade watts lives in the slums of Columbus, Ohio with his aunt Alice. in Oasis, his avatar, receival, is best friends with ake Rosie, will be friends Artemis. and they review Halliday's life with the help of the curator, to try to find clues about finding the keys. using this information, preserve all artemis and ache and his friend Dido, and show the group calling themselves the high five, solve the first two challenges in anoraks game, IO eyes CEO. Sorrento learns of receivables identity and asks him to join ioi. when he refuses, Sorrento boxes home, killing his aim. Artemis is player. Samantha rescues Wade, but they are soon found by IO i. samantha is captured and sent to a loyalty center. the hi-five help her escape, and she assists them in Oasis's third challenge, which requires playing the Atari 2600 game adventure in a castle on Planet doom, which Sorrento has protected with the forcefield. receival recruits other Oasis players to attack the ioi forces. Artemis deactivates the forcefield, allowing for zville to reach the console, but Sorrento activates a bomb that kills all the avatars on planet doom. however, having won a coin from the archives curator earlier, pros evil gets an extra life in place of the game to find the Easter egg and is awarded the last key. he is greeted by anorak who gives him a contract to sign. however, he recognized it's the same contract Mauro sign to turn over his part of Gregorius games, and refuses anorak becomes Halliday and reveals that the contract is the final test to make sure pro's evil would not make the same mistake he did. receival is given control of Oasis. Sorrento is arrested for the bombing. one of the original creators, Mauro, is revealed to be the curator and offers as his services to Wade. Wade runs Oasis with the other high five bands. io is loyalty centres and shuts down the Oasis twice a week to allow people to take part in the real world. so that was the spoilers for ready player 1. if you have another film you'd like to see us spoil, please let us know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 