Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2020 American horror thriller film called 'The Hunt'. There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Athena Stone mentions an impending search for deplorables at a mansion in a group text ('Manorgate'). She murders a guy who staggers out of the cargo hold later aboard her private plane. Eleven prisoners awake in a jungle, gagged and ready for the hunt. They discover a stockpile of weapons and keys to their gags in a clearing, but five of them are murdered by an unknown adversary while obtaining them. Three prisoners make their way to a service station across a barbed-wire fence. The station's proprietors, an elderly couple named Miranda 'Ma' and Julius 'Pop,' state that they are from Arkansas. The three abducted Americans, each from a different region of the country, realise how similar their predicament is to the 'Manorgate' conspiracy theory. One of the three eats a poisoned doughnut and passes out, while Ma and Pop (who are among the captors' ranks) use poison gas to murder a second and a sawed-off shotgun blast to kill the third. They then clean up the station in preparation for the next visitor. Crystal Creasey, an army veteran, is the fourth prisoner to arrive. She strikes up a discussion with Ma and Pop, asking for cigarettes and their whereabouts, which makes the latter uneasy. Crystal then assaults the couple and murders them with the sawed-off shotgun they had hidden behind the counter, revealing that the smokes were too pricey for Arkansas. She discovers a Croatian licence plate behind a false Arkansas plate, as well as a booby-trap attached to the driver's door, when she inspects the pickup truck outside. She subsequently meets up with another prisoner, Gary, a conspiracy theorist podcaster, and advises him against stealing the truck. They board a railway car full of refugees Gary suspects of being crisis actors, and the train is soon stormed by Croatian forces. When Gary attempts to persuade the troops of Manorgate and the refugees' deception, a refugee named 'Crisis Mike' reveals to Gary that he and only he is an actor and one of the hunters, but that the attack was unplanned and offers Gary a head start in exchange for his cooperation. Gary kills the actor with a grenade he had hidden, and Crystal is transported to a refugee camp. At the camp, Crystal encounters Don, another freed prisoner. Oliver, a U.S. Embassy ambassador in Zagreb, comes to transport them to the embassy. Oliver questions why they were chosen for the hunt on the way there. Crystal, suspicious, yanks Oliver from the automobile and runs him over. Gary's body is discovered in the trunk, along with a package labelled 'bribe money' and a map. One of the hunters was the phoney envoy. The Jackrabbit and the Box Turtle is a variation of The Tortoise and the Hare in which the Jackrabbit kills the Box Turtle after losing. Crystal kills the hunters she discovers and wounds their tactical consultant Sgt. Dale near the envoy's intended location (which is shown to be close to where the prisoners first discovered the weapons cache and were subsequently slain). Don is asked if he killed Crystal by Athena over the radio. Don is killed by Crystal after he refuses to disarm and points his revolver at her. Crystal tortures and murders Sgt. Dale in order to learn where Athena is. Athena's group text conversation was a prank, according to a flashback. It was, however, released on the internet, causing a stir over 'Manorgate.' As a result, the participants in the group text, whose jobs have been wrecked, resolve to make Manorgate a reality. They kidnapped persons who shared and created Manorgate-related internet content. Athena is outraged by a social media post Crystal made about her, and she insists on being included, dubbing her 'Snowball.' Athena mocks Crystal's personal past when Crystal confronts her. Crystal informs Athena that she had mistaken her for another Crystal from her village, but her middle name is May, not Mae. Crystal and Athena battle for a long time, finally impaling each other on the two blades of a food processor; Athena dies, but Crystal finds a new lease on life when she sees a jackrabbit emerge beside Athena's body. She cauterises her wound, dresses up as Athena, gets Athena's dog, and boards her private plane. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 