welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, and this video, we're breaking down fast and the furious in space, the ninth movie in the dom cornetto saga, is here. and throughout this video, we'll be breaking down the plot and the post-credits scene to discuss what could be coming next time. full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't had a chance to check the movie out, then i highly recommend that you slam the brakes on this year. breakdown, smash the thumbs up button if you enjoy it. and don't forget to subscribe for videos like this each and every day. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into fast 9. now i am going to be breaking down the general plot of the movie first, and then talking about the ending and post credits scene before heading into the review part of the video. time codes are below if you want to race ahead. but i feel like we need to talk about the plot points before we talk about how they set up the ending. now, as always, we follow dom toretto, played by a man who loves cars so much that his name is almost van diesel. the movie picks up in 1989. and as always, family takes a big spotlight as we meet not only jack, off the track toretto, but also his brother, jacob. now we haven't seen him through the series at all, which is fitting, as he's played by none other than john cena. jacob becomes the overarching villain of the piece. i'm glad that the fast franchise has got to the point that there's so much family. even the bad guys are family. there is very much this idea of fathers and sons laced throughout the film. and dom's son, little brian, will no doubt be joining the team as soon as he's old enough to get his provisional now we learn that jack was in debt up to his eyeballs, and thus he turned to jacob to help throw the race. jacob put a crack in the fuel line, and unfortunately, this caused the car to explode, which killed their father. in the process, we learned a rival racer when to pay his respects. but things got out of hand, and dom ended up beating the crap out of him, which landed him in prison. jacob took to the streets, and in jail, dom learned that his brother probably caused his father's death. after his release, dom challenged his brother to a race, and after he lost, he forced him to head out into the world and make a life for himself. obviously, the the first thing you would do when when hit with this scenario is become a super spy, secret agent. and judas cena's powers to turn invisible, we learn that he's one of the most deadly assassins in the world. he's also funded by the son of a dictator known as otto, and he becomes one of the main antagonists too. now, otto wants to take over the world, and this can be accomplished by a piece of tech named after the god of war ares. jacob steals it from mr nobody. and the movie really kicks it up a gear when the fast family go to investigate the disappearance of nobody and find nobody. thank you. i'm here all week. now, the series jumps to shark and across the bridge at points, but overall, i found it a really fun ride that has several appearances by characters that drive like my grandma. the group travel the world as they attempt to track jacob down. and along the way, they find out that han is actually alive. now, one of the biggest mysteries surrounding the movie is, why did they do so many star wars metaphors and not do a hand solo joke? however, on top of that, there's also another big one, which is, how is hans still alive? now the character last appeared in fast and the furious 6, where he apparently died at the hands of decade shaw. now it turns out that after the death of giselle, the character actually enlisted into the ranks of mr nobody. han was actually based in tokyo, and we learned that he was sent by nobody in order to get ares. here he came face to face with otto and jacob's team, who murdered the inventor of the weapon and his wife, leaving just their daughter alive, and killed the team and took her in. but nobody had to fake his death so that the pair could lie low. and says that mr nobody had a way of making things look real, and this, the explosion, was a facade with say, with me, no body, hey, now we never look terrible. now we so bad. now we never learn exactly how this was pulled off, but we do get a line saying, it's a pretty nifty magic trick. so it's likely done with smoke mirrors and projections. if you go back and watch the sixth film, then he's clearly in the car. but come on, guys, there's a car hanging off a rope in this film. just turn your brain off. now, it turns out that aries is encrypted to the daughter of the inventors, dna l and she ends up being kidnapped by jacob, which leads to a big showdown on board a convoy. jacob and otto's team try and upload ares to a satellite in order to take over every electronic device in the world, or something along those lines. it's, it's, it's a bit ambiguous. now, there's fire, water, air and dirt, [ __ ] magnets, how do they work? and it leads to a big chase between some of dom's crew on the ground, whilst tej and roman head out into space to take down the satellite that the info is being sent to. though jacob had cypher held in prison at otto's base, she manages to talk her way out of it and ends up joining forces with the ladder. they betray jacob mid mission, and he ends up joining his brother in order to stop aries and the convoy carrying it. cipher, tries to kill them by using a drone, but she instead kills otto. this ship is destroyed by dom, but she does manage to escape, and will no doubt return down the line at some point in one of the upcoming films. now, mia and dom reconcile with jacob, but because he's a wanted man, it means that he should be taken in. however, dom gives him a 10 second call, which is a call back to the first film, and he escapes in this which will likely allow him to join the team as one of the quote-unquote family in the future, even though he is real family. now, dom takes his son to the racetrack where jack died. and this father and son moment hammers home what it means to be a toreto and what the name stands for. the movie ends with a barbecue that was actually shown as part of the super bowl trailer, and it has a lot to take from it. now, we didn't know when we saw this that this would be the ending of the film, but it's quite a nice tribute to brian, aka paul walker. just before little brian says his grace his wife, mia says that brian's coming, and we see his car pull up on the driveway. now i was reading an article by digital spy that said they think paul walker might be brought back through doubles and cgi, but i'm really not sure. his send-off was very emotional, but i don't know if this entire effect could be pulled off for a full film. instead, i think this is very much the kind of nods that we will get to him, with the character being mentioned and teased, but never shown on screen. it can be seen as disrespectful to bring actors back from the dead to put them into scenes. and personally, i believe this is a far classier way to do it that allows us to believe the character is still there. now, speaking of characters reuniting, hand comes to and he meets with his old friends, which i think hints towards the direction that the series will be going from now on. they clearly brought ham back for a reason, and it takes center stage. and this is hit home by the post-credits scene featuring jason statham, aka deckard shaw. now, it was thought that when he branched off into the spin-off land, of hops and shaw that he wouldn't be entering the main set of films for quite a while. whilst this is just a cameo, it's good to see that he's made it to fast92, and it definitely sets up what's to come. we catch shaw in an abandoned warehouse beating the crap out of a punching bag. and it's revealed that someone is actually inside of it. sure mercilessly continues to beat the crap out of him, even after he offers him a thumb drive, which probably has all the cheat codes for grand theft auto on it. now, han enters, and much to deckard's surprise, he's still alive. for a long time, the campaign justice for han has been ramping up, and i definitely think the next film will center around them getting into it with han, doing a lot of psychological things to him. however, there are a lot of people out there that will probably be team sure. and yes, i might even be one of them. just don't judge me. yeah, just don't judge me. i like han as well. now, saying that, i really, really like hobson shaw, and i kind of think they turned the villain into an anti-hero. and after he won so many fans around, i think that the smarter direction to take is to also make him have a side that you can relate to. and potentially this will be how the film handles his character. however, they might even revert back to him being a villain, as justin lim brought the character into the fold, and he may have his own ideas for him. now, when talking to comicbook.com, lin said the following in regards to han and deckard's rivalry. well, i mean, all kidding aside, han has lost his love, and there's revenge from his side. he needs that. but the question is, how does a person, or a man like han, enact his revenge? is it by force, or is it psychological? is it emotional? what is it? i think that's what i'm looking forward to, is, how is that face off approached? is it traditional? so it looks like we will be getting hand playing, four dimensional chess, as he can't really take on shore hand to hand to han. now, lin did specifically say this credit scene was put in place to see if it's what fans want. but i can't see anyone being against this. lin might even have other plans for han. and when discussing whether justice would be served, he said the following, it won't be fully served. there will be other things i feel should be explored as this universe expands into other mediums, maybe tv. and when this character gets is to respect, that's when i think justice for han is served. now, lynn is back for the two film finale to the franchise, and it's gonna be interesting to see what direction they take it. now, as for my thoughts on the film, although it was absolutely ridiculous, but at the same time, i really, really liked it. there were some moments where i was kind of taken out of the film because i was laughing so much. but it also pretty much does everything so well that you can't be mad at it. things fly by at such a pace, it doesn't really bog itself down. and i don't believe that it takes itself all that seriously outside of vin diesel, so it's difficult to get mad at it. heck, when you have characters questioning whether they're invincible or not, it just makes it fun. and i'm actually really looking forward to seeing it again. i think the next two films are going to be great. and i've got no doubt this movie will make bank sure it was. it wasn't anything amazing, let's be honest. it's not going to win any oscars. but you know what? it was still a fun popcorn flick, and it gets a seven out of ten. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on it, so make sure you comment below and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize through on the 30th of june, in which we're giving away three copies of the phase 3 mcu box set. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the film. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out upright and have lucky episode 3, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the entire thing from top to bottom and pointed out all the easter eggs, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want something else to watch after this without the way. thank you for seeing through the video. i've been paul, and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 