[Music]. [Applause]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 period film, the favorite. so let's get started. we will do our best to make sure we do summaries for all the 2019 Oscar Best Picture nominees before the awards. check out the playlist above for more nominee summaries. the film opens in 1708 with Britain at war with France. Queen Anne is on the throne, but in between being sick and bored, she isn't interested in ruling. her advisor and secret lover, Sarah Churchill, runs the nation. Sarah is met with opposition in Parliament from Robert Harley, who is against the doubling of property taxes that Sarah is proposing. meanwhile, Abigail Hill, the poor cousin of Sarah, arrives looking for a job. Abigail's father gambled away their money and status and lost his daughter to a German man. abigail starts out working as a maid, but works her way up into the Queen's favour, becoming the lady of the bedchamber by helping her with her various ailments. this all makes Sarah, jealous, Harley approaches Abigail, hoping to use her to spy on Sarah and the Queen. Abigail finds out about Sarah and the Queen's secret lesbian relationship. Abigail decides to seduce the Queen herself, while Sarah is distracted with the war. Sarah discovers Abigail's intentions and tries to have her sent away. Abigail drugged Sarah, causing her to fall from her horse and be missing for several days. the Queen believes Sarah has abandoned her, and while continuing her relationship with the Queen, Abigail is allowed to marry Baron Samuel Michele, making Abigail a Baroness and Noble. once again, Sarah returns injured and gives the Queen an ultimatum, to send Abigail away or she will reveal letters of their sexual past. Sarah destroys the letters later out of guilt, but still is stripped of her powers and sent away. Abigail claimed that Sarah was embezzling money, and Sarah and her husband are exiled. the Queen realizes what has happened. the Abigail was only doing what she did to gain nobility. and that the Queen's relationship with Sarah was ruined by Abigail. the Queen shows her dominance over Abigail by making her massage her leg as the film ends. so that was a spoilers for the favorite. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movies spoiler alerts on social media, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 