[Music], hi. [Music], mystery recapped here today i'm going to explain a mystery called, who is this guy? and why is his face all over my recap videos? bro, no way. i thought it was a computer generated voice. that's insane. i thought mystery recapped was a google voice. isn't his face kind of cgi looking? my name is adam. i'm canadian. i might be human. i work in video game development. i do some voice acting work on the side, and i have a little baby youtube channel of my own about three weeks ago. now, mystery recapped made me a part of their team. we're like a little family. and, uh, when we first switched over from text to speech to my voice, things got pretty funny in the comments almost immediately. so let's go back and, uh, start from there. geez. i've done a lot of these already. how many, where? where did we begin? another earth. in order to avoid demonetization, we're doing a trial the text-to-speech ai thing wasn't monetizable. uh, is that a word? 3000 people liked this. and then i posted it just to introduce myself and say hello. and, uh, seven people liked it. and then of those 3 000 that liked it. about a thousand of them went on to get very upset with me for for taking away their their favorite robot voice, which i totally understood. we've got people saying, love the new voice. i really like the new voice. and then we've got whatever you use, it's fine. that's a nice sentiment. that's the fans of mystery recap saying, we're here for you no matter what. and then you got clutch dutchman, new voice blows. and this, this is still happening today. this obvious. obviously, you can't please everybody. uh. i just want to say that i'm really, really grateful to those of you who do comment and support and are happy with the change, because it means a lot to me. these comments, they can sting. i like the voice. it's period. okay. i like it a lot. it's very clear, very natural. can't you do a custom text to speech voice? well, for a long time, that's exactly what people thought i was. this new human voice. sounds more human-y, if that makes sense. thanks. liquid pixels like that, i don't feel lonely all the times when i watch mystery recap for five hours straight. get great change. the new voice is good. but i'm gonna miss the ai's watch out and take care. tone, obviously a lot of people shared that same sentiment. and, uh, i don't know, i've been, i've been trying to sort of mimic the ai but i know that it was kind of, a kind of a blow to to lose that voice. and, um, i felt weird about that. i didn't, i didn't really want to step in and change something that so many of you guys loved. um, you know, that wasn't my intention to just shove myself in there. it's purely so that we can keep making content, keep bringing you guys awesome videos, and we don't get yanked off of youtube. honestly, the human voice sounds so much better than the tts. it makes the channel have more soul, you know. well, super soaker, the jury is still out on whether or not i'm a human or a robot. so, do i have a soul? i don't know. this one, the discovery, uh, this, this got a lot of hits. i guess it was the thumbnail. do you guys like the weird thumbnails, don't you? well, i can't, uh, can't complain. i like weirdos. i am a weirdo myself. what were people saying to this one? i wonder it's okay. the voice is smooth as hell. smooth as hell. some may say smooth as eggs. hell ain't smooth, bro, true, but eggs are. i actually did not want the voice to change. but the new voice is actually pretty good. so this, i guess, this was around the time that i was winning you guys over just a little bit. it's all for money, not about enjoyment. who else didn't know that mystery recapped actually voiced these? i thought it was some fancy text to speech. okay, well, this is the tipping point. let's get into the debate as to whether or not i am an ai meet dave. this was the one. this was the video that changed it all, because we showed my face. we showed my stupid little face right there, down in the bottom corner, for the first time in mystery recap history. and boy, did you guys ever pop off. holy [ __ ]. you're a real person voicing this that deserves some respect. and then what did people say? wow, these idiots are actually convinced it's a real person and voice. these idiots. lilyman said they had auditions for this. so it is him talking. williemon is right. i did audition. there were a bunch of us who auditioned, and, um, you guys voted for me, so i have whoever did that. uh, thank you so much. but then, so that's, that's the rational brain talking. let's see. well, let's see what the other side of the brain thinks. he's an ai. it's an ai. i like how his voice fits his ai voice. ah, yes. his ai face matches his ai face. he resembles ben affleck, sweet. you're beautiful, bro. i thought you were using tts this whole time. i thought he uses automatic voice generation all this time. i'm speechless. i thought they used an ai to read the script. [ __ ] me. it's his real voice and face and not a robot voice. oh, and then i commented on that one. oh, no. i've looked at this before. damn, that face cam's busting. i thought mystery recapped was a google voice. isn't his face? kind of cgi. looking, the debate wasn't dead at this point. this is like a week into it, and, uh, people were still 55 people think that my face was cgi, still. i mean, i might be, i might be. he's an ai evolving to be a human, but he hasn't quite gotten it yet. don't let this synth fool you. actually, you know what? i watched westworld recently, and those robots didn't know they were robots for quite some time either. so looks suspicious. definitely not a human. but props to him for making it so realistic. yeah. ever since among us came out, people been telling me, i look suss. everyone who said this guy was an ai is wrong. this proves it's a real person. yes, bring back the ai voice. so that was exciting. that was a really exciting moment in time when we first popped my face in there. generally the reaction was positive, or supportive at least. and it was really cool. so then, you know, we, i hoped that that would continue. but eventually we tried something else with this movie called the pool. we tried keeping my face in the entire video, and that did not go over quite as well. keep the face cam for the intros. it's too distracting for the entire video. doesn't need to be there. this was when we hit sort of a red light. it is distracting to have a face in the bottom corner the whole time. especially when you're trying to stay dialed in on the movie. um, we were just trying this as an extra measure to keep things monetized. we figure that if i'm on there narrating the whole time, then that's more of a special spin. but a lot of people had opinions like this. it's so weird to see this dude's face. now, you didn't have to show your face. this doesn't add absolutely anything. remove the face cam. it's somehow distracting. no offense, man, but being in the corner of the screen is super distracting and unnecessary and looks kind of silly. i love the narration, the voice, but you in the corner kills it. no hate, just constructive criticism. thank you for the even approach to that. that was actually really sweet of you. get the f out of the corner, man. [Laughter], we backpedaled. we pulled me back out. we just just put me in the intros. i'm open to anything, honestly. so you guys could let us, know, uh, in the comments below this video, what you think would be cool in the future, and we'll totally read all of those, and we'll get back to you. it is a robot voice, he just has to have his face in to prevent demonetization. so that's a whole other layer to this, to this debate, is that they think that i'm lip-syncing to a text-to-speech. and i honestly, i don't know how to beat that one. i don't know how to prove that it's that it's my voice. i could send you the files. i'll send you the files. actually, i probably won't send you the files. that would require i'd have to give you my email address, and i probably shouldn't do that. so if i can add a little something to this debate about human versus ai, add a little clarification. but i will say that before i sat down to shoot this video, i was folding underwear in the other room. fold my underwear in my bedroom. can a robot do that? actually. robots probably fault underwear, for sure. and last but not least, let's, uh, let's jump into our most recent video, the one for attack on titan. uh, we got some really awesome love on this video for a joke that i wrote into the script. i've been doing this on and off lately. i'm just trying it out. i'm not very good at jokes. but i'm just putting little things in there just everyone always loves to comment about them, and and i, i love that. um, thank you for for being so interactive with us on this. and i didn't mean to say that attack on titan was a terrible movie. i just think the anime is a lot better. i'll be sure to watch the anime series. oh, well, then that was my intention. that's fantastic. it is really good. please do. this movie was so bad compared to the anime, it burned my soul inside out. and you know, guys, i would love, uh, even more, um, feedback as to whether or not you think this is a good move. we're just trying to personalize the videos a little bit more, add our own twist to them, so that they're not just blow-by-blow recaps. but also, i feel like it might kind of be annoying some people my bad jokes, my terrible, stupid jokes. so definitely let us know it's because the videos are too low effort. well, i don't know about that, man. um, there's a number of people that work on these to to bring them out every day, and they're awesome at what they do. um, i tried the other day to write one of these scripts myself, just for fun, as an exercise. it's extremely difficult to watch a whole two-hour movie and figure out a way to to condense it to 10 minutes worth of writing. it's, it's really hard to do. and for the record, the the video editors are incredible too. i mean, they've got great source material to work with with the movies themselves, of course, and there's an order to what they put together. but they have a real kinetic way that they edit these things to keep them interesting and to keep things making sense. it's just, uh, it's one of those things that you have to try it yourself to appreciate how difficult it can be. also, the research team, there are guys who literally just go through movie options all day every day, and they look for stuff that you guys will find interesting. um, they do an awesome job too. they're all awesome. they're all awesome. but anyway, everybody, this is all i really wanted to do today was just sort of drop you guys a line, let you know that i am, in fact, a person or robot who who really enjoys reading what you guys have to say about the videos, uh, and interacting with everybody. and it's just an absolute joy for me to to narrate these videos for all of you, and then to see what you think about them and to interact with you. so if you enjoyed this video, uh, or even if you didn't, if you hated this one, because what was this really anyway? but if you enjoy the other videos that we make here at mystery recap, please remember that leaving us a like, uh, turning on notifications, um, subscribing, are all really good ways to show us your support and let us know that you love us, so that we can keep bringing you incredible content every single day. thank you guys so much. and have an awesome day. 