[Music], welcome to slash forward, the channel where we provide summarization and commentary and all your favorite popular and obscure horror movies. we're gonna try something a little unorthodox in this video by attempting to summarize the 1983 cello classic pieces. if you're unfamiliar, shallowed denotes a sub-genre of italian horror films that often combine elements of slasher films with themes of mystery or suspense, and sometimes involve the supernatural. these can range from well-crafted, intense and moody thrillers with well-formed plots and tight pacing, to disaster films filled with nonsense and non sequiturs. pieces leans heavily in this direction, but compensates with crazy gore and laughably bad dialogue. this is a movie best watched with a group of friends. let's see if we can get a lasso around the plot and provide something resembling a coherent synopsis. [Music], we open on a house in pre-world War to Boston, a simpler time when a young man may enjoy relaxing in his room on the weekend, quietly assembling a pornographic puzzle. unfortunately, and as always, mommy ruins everything. when she walks in and discovers his little project, she immediately becomes abusive and demands answers, but offers him no time to give them. he watches numbly as she tears apart his room, complaining that he's turning out just like his father, the filthy beast. and become so angry she breaks mirror twice. she's then threatens stuff like that, no house again, and demands he get her a plastic bag, as she proceeds to wipe out a significant investment in 1940's porn collecting if she rummages through his toy chest, fixated on her need for a plastic bag. when she turns around, she finds out the boys hands are not occupied by a plastic bag, the by an axe. he chops at her head, splitting it wide open. then he quietly goes to work dividing mom up into more manageable pieces, while some random lady outside incessantly rings doorbell. Jia's lady, chill out. luckily, the Boy Scouts taught him well, and he finishes the job. once done, he gets a moment to complete and enjoy his puzzle. after the police figure out when a front door is they break in to find the bloody seat. their initial hopes of the recent animal butchering are dashed when they find mommy's head. the young boy is hiding in the closet, pretending to be scared like a proper psychopath. an unknown amount of time later, we see a man dressed in black removing a box from a dresser. the box contains some bloody clothes and a picture of the dead mother. he then pulls out a box that contains the puzzle. he begins to reassemble it, which is a struggle thanks to his rubber gloves, which are a size too large. while this is going on, were introduced to the college campus that will act as the setting for the rest of the movie. a young lady on a penny board is rolling carefree along the sidewalks while some cuvee as music plays in the background. [Music]. in a final destination style series of circumstances, she manages to hit a blind corner ride his two men are coming around with a giant mirror. what does this have to do with the Chainsaw Massacre? your guess is as good as any. we then transitioned to a young co-ed studying while laying out in the Sun. as she tries to concentrate, she finds herself disturbed by the sound of the landscapers chainsaw. she sees him behind her, and he assures her he'll be done soon. he that appears in front of her and trims her up a bit. the next day, we meet a group of young near duels. the most beautiful thing in the world is smoking pot and [ __ ] on water. who you are too much? they demonstrate their rebellious nature by pulling an epic prank. what are the pictures? where are they here? gadem professor Brown continues on his way to the dean's office and has introduced to lieutenant Brackett, the lead investigator in the recent chainsaw decapitation. Brown is to show the police around campus. on the way out, the Dean asks for some discretion. and openly discussing the case, an unfortunate accident, they accidentally chainsaw it her head off. and during the tour, we get some nonsensical dialogue. it was a present from one of the students, God knows where he got it. and Holden admits they're in a little bit of a fishing expedition. we're just out buying clothes without labels and trying them on for size. we're then introduced to Willard this slab of beef, as he lovingly caresses the implements of his trade. the Dean wants to know when he'll be done and out of there, because he's creeping everyone out. turns out he negotiated a flat rate for his work, so he has all the time in the world to trim bushes and people on. young coeds, we didn't find ourselves in the library. finally introduced to the protagonist, Kendall, the sex Scot as evidenced by his party Cartie. he has passed a note from Jenny telling him to meet her at the pool for an afternoon delight. he tosses the note, wearing the old chainsaw murderer can pick it up. and Jenny tells her friends about her plans along the way, making sure as many folks as possible know about her daytime public sex run. Jenny arrives at the pool and decides it's best to get warmed up, so she gets herself into a state of undress in front of these giant windows at midday. not wanting to get her top wet, she removes it and then throws it in the water. she starts hitting those laps, while the killer grabs the pool skimmer and cleanses the pool of her filthy intentions. the struggle to drag her out causes her to reach a state of total exhaustion, like a fish in the line, and she lays out in a photoshoot, poses her killer retrieves his chainsaw, conveniently located within the pool area. now fully conscious, she has trouble mustering more than mild concern as her body is dismembered in the library. Kendall's buddy brings me a message. while it seems important, don't tell me I'm the bearer of bad news. I could kill myself, we don't find out the contents of the message. meanwhile, the killer's already finished with his dark business and takes his bag of prizes to a walk-in freezer, where we find the first victims head. Willard arrives at the pool to find what's left of Jenny, just in time to see Kendall running off. Kendall returns immediately with the police, who attempt to brutalize Willard, but find it hard to manage a human tank once the situation is under control. Bracken summons Professor Brown to ask a question ahead of the coroner arriving. could that have been done with a chainsaw? to which Brown gives an obvious answer, even a layman concede, was done with this. feeling the imbalance of power from this public display of his ignorance, Bracken scolds the professor for touching the chainsaw and potentially destroying evidence right before his crew backs at the body ahead of the coroner's arrival, destroying untold volumes of evidence themselves. the lieutenant verbalizes his concerns about the status of the investigation. I wonder what the hell he's doing with all the pieces that are missing. that's what I mean. it's creepy. he got me. I know. the new players to try to fade out the killer by placing an undercover female officer on campus. as the investigation continues, we also come to find out that Kendall was actually late to his rendezvous with Jenny because he was busy making it with another lady. thankfully for all of us, he shares his methods just when they come running, thus securing lieutenant Bracken's full trust. later that evening, in the basement of one of the buildings, we see a dance class practicing new choreography. we established this as prime creeping grounds for the murderer, as his cardboard silhouette pierced through the window at them. when the choreographer inexplicably ends on the three-count, okay, he runs off in disgust as this makes no sense. meanwhile, Kendall is meeting with the profiler at the police station. he gives Kendall a preliminary diagnosis, I'm sure you don't need my service, and then they spend all of 30 seconds learning what Kendall knows to create a profile. he comes back out to find Bracken and listing the help of Mary Riggs, police officer slash tennis pro who will be working undercover on campus and backed up by Kendall. the Boston Globe shows up to ask some questions. and Bracken verbalizes what we're all thinking, I don't know what's happy what what's happening? smooth bro. he totally handled that situation. and this transitions into an exhibition tennis match, where Mary is dominating an amateur by serving from the net as the whole school watches. good undercover work there. that evening, we find the dance instructor working some more sick choreography. she hears some noises, which spooks her, so she gets herself dressed and takes off. realizing the mistake of rehearsing alone at night when there's a chainsaw murderer running wild, she runs to the elevator as fast as she can. she's startled by someone, but it turns out he's familiar to her. her visitors somehow manages to palma chainsaw, keeping it hidden in defiance of three-dimensional space. he then goes ahead and grabs a souvenir and flees. Kendall and a couple of officers hear the screams and run to see what's going on. Kendall arrives in the scene as quickly as he can in heels. they're greeted by a grisly scene. and Tom, just out of the Academy, loses his cookies. in the scene that follows, we find out that Miri is still alive, but also that she doesn't have a chance in hell. the lieutenant can't get a light to save his life now he please give me a match. sorry, I don't smoke. he's been sucking that cigar for days. and then he gets holding authority to use the full budget at the police department to run a background search, including payroll. as he does this, all the suspects show up, congregating on a rainy night like we're watching clue or something. that evening, Kendall continues his campus conquests. when he looks out his window, he sees Mary snooping around outside, doing standard undercover work. she's clearly being stalked by any of a variety of individuals. as she turns a corner, she's confronted and attacked by a kung-fu master that production crew had on loan. despite his excellent form and her inability to mount any sort of reasonable defense, he's unable to leave a shot before she donkey kicks him right in the nuts. Kendall rolls up on his hog and they laugh off the nighttime assault. bad Chop, Suey song in. Kendall takes Mary home immediately. thereafter, we find out there's a separate woman wandering around in the dark, checking doors and skulking through buildings as though she knows she's in a horror movie. the murderer does catch up with her, and opting for a knife this time, he proceeds to brutally slaughter her on a waterbed. finishing the job with his stamp through the mouth, he drags her off to the walk-in. then the puzzle, always the puzzle. the next morning we find a young tennis star getting in some solo practice with some nasty parade music begins to blare over the PA system. unable to focus on her stroke, she runs off, one may presume, to find the source of the music and turn it off. but she ends up in the shower instead. unfortunately for her, this is exactly what the murderer wants, and he begins to stalk her through the locker room. he presents himself directly in front of her and then chases her into an enclosed space. she manages to lock the door, but he cuts his way in, and having her cornered, he proceeds to gut her like a pig. Kendall and Mary show up to inquire about the music. they ask Willard if he's in charge of that, to which he replies, no way. lady, I just take care of the grounds. all electronics is someone else's. right? he's a landscaper on the contract job that doesn't include sound engineering. nevertheless, he does have a key, but apparently it's gone missing. which doesn't prevent them from also turning off music. they run back out to meet Kendall, who found the most recent victim and apparently played around with her insides. why the bloody hand freak. Mary gazes upon Susie's body, now cut in half, and emotes, did you get it all? okay, there you go. later, Miriam wants to ask the Dean some questions. luckily, she meets up with Kendall, who knows and does everything the plot requires of them. in this case, he's able to spout off all the deans personal calendar commitments for Mary, who heads off to meet him at 7:00. meanwhile, Kendall is enlisted to help with the records search. they discover a paperwork anomaly. the Dena's actually had a name change. holden calls it in and get more details in the deans prior life. the dean's real name connects them to the opening murder, while the details of what transpired as a result of that event a murky it's apparently all they need to go make a bust. luckily they do, because Mary is with the Dean, asking him about professor Browns suspicious homosexual tendencies. turns out the Dean is woke a F as long as he doesn't break the rules, that's his affair. bran seems more upset about his affliction than I am in that regard, but not in regards to declining to spike Mary's coffee with sleepy juice, which he does do gratuitously. she finds out too late. as she begins to realize that she's able to see in here, but can't move her limbs, the Dean recognizes a perfect pair of feet when he sees them, and immediately whips out the plastic sheets and rubber gloves for party time. he begins to end her tennis career. right as the gang shows up. they work their way to the interior of the apartment in a slow and disorganized manner. this gives the Dean time to hide. they arrived to find Mary unresponsive, and assume they just missed the Dean running out the way they came in. the officers pursue while Kendall ten to marry, she tries to warn him if the Dean is actually still there. and as they tried to walk off, total paralysis, the Dean bursts from the drapery to knife in hand. Kendall manages to keep from getting stabbed, holding the Dean off just long enough for lieutenant Bracken to nonchalantly wander back in and score a headshot. as they look around for more evidence, Holden finds the jigsaw puzzle. they both have a hearty laugh about how much of a freak the Dean is. Holden contending that it's a perk of the job. real freak. join the forest, kid. we're finding out little secrets like that all the time. he reveals another little tidbit as he inadvertently discovers replacement mommy, which falls on the Kendall, I don't hear any laughing. now, when the dust settles and everyone's nerves are calmed, they go to leave, having solved the mystery of the college campus chainsaw murderer, ready to live happily ever after. him to get back to his carefree life of chasing tail while preparing for his future, kendall takes a quick step toward retrieving his jacket, gets his dick ripped off. and that's the gist of what's going on here. this movie is full of incredible dialogue and other randomness, most of which had to be skipped because it doesn't fit in anywhere. it's a must-own for fans of the genre, but also an example of the extreme. if you're interested in something more suspenseful or serious, that type of movie is certainly available, but not here. pieces in some ways stands alone. I hope you enjoy watching this movie at some point in the future, and enjoyed watching this video about the movie. thanks for watching. [Music]. 