there is a perfume prepared from the human body, moreover, emanating a very attractive scent. based on it, you can attract anyone. do you want to own it? a pervert is attracted to the scent of beautiful young girls and continues to kill 13 young girls to make perfumes from them. this is an extremely attractive movie called perfume. one year in french, a child was born from a french fish market. the child's mother had no conditions to nurture him, so she mercilessly abandoned the baby. but the child's life was so intense, villagers heard the crying of children and found the baby lying in a pile of rotten fish. because of this cruel act of the mother, she was hanged to death by everyone. the child was named jean and taken to the orphanage. at the age of five, jean was still unable to speak, but had an extremely sense of smell. he can even find its original from the smell of the branches or the fruit falling on the ground. at the age of 13, the orphanage sold gene to a leather factory to be an employee for money. life in the leather factory was extremely difficult. but jean's vitality was still very strong. he works very hard. sometimes he looks at the rich neighborhood next door and wishes one day he could be like them as an adult. on one delivery, gene gets to the place he's always dreamed of. jean feels everything is extremely wonderful. everywhere there are attractive scents. gene uses his sense of smell to feel everything, including the smell of street food, the smell of flowers, or the smell of perfume in luxury stores. the excitement in his heart highly raised. while he was standing staring in front of a perfume store, one cent attracted him so much. it was a very attractive scent emanating from a redeed selling selling yellow plums. john followed her scent. everything about the girl is very attractive to him. jean took the girl's hand inhaling the enchanting scent of her hand. the very scared girl pulled her hand away and ran away. jean didn't want to give up. he used his sense of smell to follow the girl's scent. jean managed to find the girl's place and carelessly killed her. while the two struggled, but he's not panicking. he indulged in the scent on the girl's body. he regrets not being able to make all of these seductive senses on after a while, he felt the suns fade away. this is the beginning of the crimes he committed. this is also when gene feels the meaning of life in his life. an intention that grows in his mind, he must find a way to preserve the human scent. during a delivery to a drop her filmmaker named joe, jean accidentally revealed his super sense of smell, although he never attended a training school. gene created a scent that made joe extremely passionate. after that, joe accepted jean as his apprentice. joe ransom gene from the owner of the leather factory with a huge of money. the owner of the leather factory died shortly thereafter having a helper as powerful as jean, joe's stores business has changed well. the store's profits reached its largest ever. they cooperate very well here. john also learns how to make perfumes. but jean could not find a scent as attractive as the one on the girl last time. he wants to find a way to retain the scent of the human body. he brought a pile of iron with a cat into the distillery to refine. but he failed. joe told jean that it was impossible to capture the scent from humans. hearing the bad news, gene despaired and passed out. after regaining consciousness, joe tells jean that in a town called grass there is a grease separation method that can help gene get what he wants. joe was so cunning, he wanted gene to find out 100 combinations before he let him go. after listening to it, jean recovered within a week. 100 cent combinations are very easy to gene. he completes the mission quickly, and then begins his own journey. joe, after having 100 combinations of sense, is extremely happy. he thinks about the money he will earn in the future is extremely satisfying. then his old house suddenly collapsed, and joe just drowned in it. at this time, jean was resting in a cave after a long way. after a while, jean discovered that he could no longer smell the scent on his body. for gene, not having a scent is losing himself. he was terrified of being looked down upon. then he decided to do an unbelievable thing. he would make everyone knew that he was a very famous person. on the other hand, in grass, there was a carriage passing by. on the carriage there was a very beautiful, red-haired girl. she has a father who cares too much for her. her father guarded her so tightly that gene could not approach her. what he wants most now is to create the scent on human after many experiments, jean has found a way to retain the scent from girls bodies. first he had to kill them, take off all their clothes, then cut off all of their hairs. then he used a cloth filled with condensed oil to cover their bodies, waiting for their scents to seep into the oil concentrate. he separates the oil and refines it. these essence are the scent of the girls. but few girls cannot make a perfume to fill the pots. jean became frantically kidnapped for girls. jean killed two more girls to make more perfumes. from them. he has nearly crafted perfumes that have a unique scent. the dream of being known to the world, was very close to gene. however, he needs one more scent to create the last smell of his unique perfume. this step is extremely important. it determines whether his perfume is unique or not. of course, the girl he needed was also very special. jean thought of that rich red-haired girl. the town of grass was now covered with an atmosphere of uncertainty. after the bodies of ten girls were discovered, the people here were extremely scared. they swear to find that ruthless killer, but they couldn't find any clues. being the most beautiful girl in town, the red-haired named laura, was also extremely scared. her father even more strictly guarded her. after 11 murders, the government announced they had found the culprit. after being tortured, the murderer admitted all the guilt. but laura's father didn't believe the confessed criminal was the culprit. he was not reassured, so he decided to take laura out of town. she knows that. then he relies on the scent of the girl to chase. after the night came, laura and her father stopped at a small hotel. laura's father checked the place for safety, and then they decided to sleep there. the next morning, when laura's father unlocked her room, he found laura dead, with naked body. so this beautiful girl was also killed by jean to make the perfume. while jean was pouring perfume into the bottle, he was surrounded by a crowd of soldiers. jean was locked in a prison, but did not forget to hide his perfume bottle with him. that special perfume bottle started to work. officials in grass decided to execute gene for the horrible things he had done. but there was something wrong. on that day, jean was neatly dressed and descended from a luxurious carriage. at this time, on his body is the scent of his perfume bottle. everyone looked at him with enchanted eyes. gene stepped onto the execution platform with a proud attitude the person about to be executed. he knelt down with his face full of a strange excitement. criminals like jean, with the magic power of perfume, make everyone be witching. they are all generalized their passions in the middle of the street. even laura's father, who deeply hates. gene is begging for jeans forgiveness right now. jean remembered the first girl he was attracted to. he knew he had fallen in love with that girl. jean couldn't forget her. gene began to understand something and shed tears. after everyone was back to normal. jean was gone for a long time. they choose to forget what happened and find a replacement person to finish this crime. at this point, jean returned to the place where he was born. it is a poor fish market. gene took the bottle of perfume and poured it all over him. people stormed. the man with the seductive scent, john finally ended his life full of crime. after watching the end, everyone will surely have extremely mixed feelings. gene is actually a very pitiful person. from the moment he was born, he only felt cold treatment. when he finds something he loves, he feels only briefly. that's why he spends all of his life figuring out how to keep what he wants. but when he has fulfilled his wish, he knows that even if he has it all, he will never have the love of the girl he loves anymore. in the end, he was unable to have the warm feelings as everyone else the movie. here is the end. thank you for watching. follow my page to watch more film review 