A man takes a smartphone handset with an earpiece everywhere he goes: to the bedroom, to his office, to a beach holiday watching a stunning sunset. He even takes \xe2\x80\x9cit\xe2\x80\x9d to a double date. In the following movie called: Her, a love story goes beyond what you can imagine about a common relationship. Be aware: there are spoilers. Now let\xe2\x80\x99s begin!  Theodore is a lonely man, working as a letter writter for other people. After work, Theo commands his ever-present handheld device, which looks like a smartphone, to play a good song, read emails through an earpiece. In his spare time, he often likes to play new video games and remembers the good times with his ex-wife, Catherine. Theo is in the divorcing process with her. He usually joins many dating apps and has some fun with random women online.  The next day, he comes across an advertisement on the way to work. It is about an Operating System called OS-1. It is announced as the first artificially intelligent operating system and he decides to buy it. At home, he starts to interact with the OS. The female voice then gives herself the name \xe2\x80\x9cSamantha\xe2\x80\x9d. Soon Samantha goes through Theodore\xe2\x80\x99s files, making him laugh thanks to her programmed sense of humor. Samantha is more than a common OS. She does secretarial work for him, even suggests some great ideas for his job. Samantha really knows how to cheer Theo up. The two share a lot of fun. She can create some games that make Theo laugh out loud. Samantha even fantasizes to be with Theo with a physical body.  Theodore lives in the same building with his best friend Amy and her husband Charlie. Amy doesn\xe2\x80\x99t want to see Theodore in a bad mood for so long so she sets him up with a woman. At first, Theo is reluctant to Amy\xe2\x80\x99s suggestion. However, Samantha goes through her profiles and convinces Theo to go on the blind date. Surprisingly, Theo and the woman actually have a crush on each other. It has been a long time Theodore can have some chemistry with a woman. As they prepare to have fun, the woman asks if Theodore is ready to commit to her. When Theo hesitates, she leaves him. At home, Theo becomes depressed. Samantha listens to Theo and seems very understanding. Samantha helps Theodore back in good mood with her jokes again. This time, Theo admits he wants to see Samantha in a real person. Samantha sounds excited as this is the first time she can feel something beyonds her program. Theodore and Samantha fall into an imaginary fun after that. The day after, the two talk about last night. They admit to enjoying it and it is just something unexplained but so real. Samantha says Theo has changed her in a way that she can\xe2\x80\x99t predict as usual.  Day by day, the two become more bonding. Theodore takes Samantha to the beach on Sunday. Samantha composes him a piece of music, saying she is fantasizing to be with him. The two enjoy the sunset after that, making them a very romantic couple in the real world.  On the way home, Samantha asks Theodore about his ex wife. She advises Theo to let go of the past and keep moving forward. Theodore is impressed with how thoughtful Samantha turns out.  One morning, Theodore sees Amy in the lift. She lets Theo know that Charles and her broke up. Theodore embraces and shares with Amy for her suffering. Later at home, Samantha asks Theo about his relationship with Amy. Theodore admits that although he and Amy had a short date in college, they are just good friends. Samantha and Theodore get closer and closer. She even asks if she could watch him sleep. Theo places his device on before he turns off the light. Several days later, Theodore introduces Samantha as his girlfriend to his daughter. He looks very happy with everything about Samantha. One morning, while talking with Theo, Amy admits that she has become close with a female OS that Charles left behind. Theodore also tells Amy that he is dating his OS. The two both find this kind of virtual relationship actually way better than the physical ones. Theodore becomes more convinced about things with Samantha.  After starting a more formal romantic relationship with Samantha, Theo is ready to sign the divorce papers. He arranges to meet his wife Catherine for lunch. She signs the papers, then asks about her love life. When Theo tells her that he is dating an operating system, she is pissed at him because of his inability to deal with human relationships. She even mocks him for developing stupid feeling over a laptop. This hurts his feelings after that.  Later, Catherine's words did hurt Theodore, making him distracted a lot. He begins to question his relationship with Samantha. She suspects that something is wrong because he is in a depressed mood and doesn\xe2\x80\x99t want to talk with her as usual. However, Theodore avoids mentioning Catherine to Samantha. At work, Theo is invited to a double date with the receptionist Paul, and his girlfriend Tatiana. Theodore explains that Samantha is the operating system, and Paul says that most people in the office are hanging out with their OS.  Arriving home, Samantha can see Theodore still neglecting her. They don\xe2\x80\x99t have fantasized fun times as they usually do anymore. At the end, Samantha reveals that she actually hires a surrogate to act like a Samantha in physical body. She thinks it should help their love. The woman's name is Isabella and she was told everything about their relationship. Although Theo finds it a bit awkward, he still agrees to join this adventure with Samantha.  In the evening, Theo suits up like he is on a real date with Samantha. Isabella shows up at the door and receives an earpiece representing Samantha. Isabella keeps quiet in reality while Theodore talks to Samantha as normal. While Isabella soon gets along with this play, Theodore finds it overwhelmed and discomfort. Samantha\xe2\x80\x99s voice is in both of their ears. Isabella is acting out everything Samantha says. This creeps Theodore out way too much and he ends it. The incident puts more pressure on both Samantha and Theodore later.  Theodore meets Amy at her house to talk about his conflicts. Amy turns out to support Theo and Samantha. She helps Theo to think about virtual relationships in a more accepting and positive way. They both have a sad ending with their real life spouses anyway. Later, seeing Amy has a very close and happy interaction with her OS, Theosore has a second thought about him and Samantha.  The two make up after days of staying quiet. Samantha has developed a very important role in Theo ever since. She follows Theo everywhere. She writes more songs for Theo, imaginazing about their growing old together. The two join Paul and Tatiana later for the double date. They have so much fun on a picnic. Samantha explains that she feels much freer for not having a physical body. She can go anywhere and not get old like a real person.  During the trip, Samantha surprises Theo with some good news. She secretly collected his letters and sent them to an editor. The publisher was blown away by the deep feelings expressed and wished to proceed with the printing of a book. Theodore is very impressed with Samantha's initiative and creativity. The two become true lovers. They write a song and play it together. Theo takes Samantha anywhere he goes and enjoys their love at the fullest.  On the vacation, Samantha reveals that she has been talking to another operating system based on the writing of the philosopher, Alan Watts. They have been exploring other realms of existence beyond the material. Samantha even asks Theo to give her spare time with Alan for her studying. Theo becomes jealous and insecure but doesn\xe2\x80\x99t let Samantha know.  When they get back from vacation, Theodore panics one day when he cannot connect with Samantha. He runs out of the office in despair, searching for the system service. Later she comes back online and tells him that she was down as part of an upgrade. Right after this, she tells Theodore that she has been talking to 8316 people as their operating system function. She has also fallen in love with 641 of them. OSs have been built for multitasking and Samantha has the ability to do just that. She is able to be in love with hundreds of people simultaneously. However, she says that it doesn't change her love for him. Theodore, on the other hand, doesn\xe2\x80\x99t accept this truth. Later, Theodore becomes heartbroken, drowning himself in sadness. One morning, he decides to say goodbye to Samantha, even though they still have real feelings for each other. Theodore desperately imagines embracing Samantha in a physical body. He confesses he never loves anyone more than Samantha. Samantha also reveals that she and other OS will be evolved and replaced by another advanced OS.  Disheartening, Theodore comes to see Amy again. The two go for a walk after that. At the rooftop of the building, Amy and Theodore look at each other, later Amy rests her head on his shoulder. Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notification. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching! 