detective recap. here today, i'm going to explain a crime mystery film called disturbia. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. teenager kale brecht loves spending time with his father, daniel. he's the kind of kid who'd rather go fishing with his dad than go out with his friends. while coming home from their fishing trip, one day, kale talks to his mom on the phone, gushing about how much fish they caught. daniel then takes the phone from kale to speak with his wife, saying she should have seen their sunfish. while driving, kale gets distracted while talking to his mom on the phone, the vehicle in front of him suddenly swerves left, avoiding the car parked on the side of the road. kale sees the car too late and collides with it, causing their own car to flip over. as kail and his dad both hang from their seats, another vehicle comes and rams into them, making their flip car spin on the road while being in immense pain. kale manages to get out of their car, but unfortunately, his father dies in the accident. one year passes, and during one of his classes, kale's teacher urges him to recite. since he cannot give a straight answer, the teacher asks him if he did his homework, to which he replies, no. unhappy, the teacher asks him what his father would think about his behavior. in response to his comment, kale punches him. instead of assigning him years in juvenile prison, the judge gives kale leniency and sentences him to three months of house arrest. he sympathizes with him, saying that he knows it's not easy to lose a parrot at home. detective parker gives kayla an angle monitor and explains that the green light means he's in the safe zone, which covers about 100 foot radius from the proximity sensor. if kale unplugs the sensor, the cops will immediately come. like a modem. it gets a constant gps signal from his ankle bracelet, letting the cops know where he is or where he's going. if he goes beyond the safe zone, the red light will flash, and kayle will have 10 seconds to get back inside it. detective parker then gives kale her phone number before telling mrs breck that they need to pay 12 every day for the incarceration fee. as kale's mom pays for it. the officer who is with detective parker goes near kale, and kale notices that his surname is also gutierrez, just like his spanish teachers. the officer then informs kale that his teacher is his cousin. before leaving, detective parker reminds kale to find productive things to do while on house arrest, saying that it's not as easy as he thinks. while on house arrest, kale spends most of his days playing video games and watching television. since he was doing the exact opposite of being productive, kale's mom cancels his xbox and itunes threatening that she'll cancel their maid service next. she tells him that she's sorry he's a felon, but she also reminds him that he's not on vacation. as kale watches the news about a missing girl, his mom orders him to clean his room in the kitchen, but he tells her that he'll do it later. irate mrs breck cuts the cable cord, leaving kale frustrated with nothing else to do. kale calls his friend ronnie and tells him what his mom did, even calling her a dictator. unable to go anywhere or even play with anything, kale says he's losing his mind. to make his friend feel better, ronnie tells kale what's he doing outside, like meeting girls? and they both have a good laugh. however, ronnie has to cut their call short, and kale feels more disappointed than ever. kale begins doing all the household chores his mom has told him to do. he starts with doing the laundry and washing the dishes. one day, when his mom asks him if he wants to talk about anything, he simply says he's got nothing. out of boredom, kale starts watching his neighbors. while watching his new neighbor, ashley and her family, move into their house, the doorbell rings, so kale answers it. when he opens the door, he finds something burning on the floor. and he extinguishes it by stepping on it, before realizing that it's dog poop. looking across the street, kale sees two kids riding their bicycles laughing at him. irritated, kale asks them if they think their prank was funny. and one of the kids mocks him pissing him off further. without thinking, kale chases the kids on their bikes. and as they ride away, one of them mentions that kayla isn't supposed to leave the house. kale stops running when he suddenly remembers that he's on house arrest. then he notices that his ankle monitor is beeping with the red light on. he races back home, hoping that the light will turn green. and when it does, kale collapses on their front lawn, as promised by detective parker. the cops show up. and though kale tries to explain what the kids did and that he wasn't trying to leave, officer gutierrez still asks him to get on the ground while the officer puts handcuffs on him. kale sees ashley from their house watching him. after the incident, cale talks to his mom on the phone. he complains about a conflict of interest, since the officer who came was his teacher's cousin. but because the officers didn't take him away, mrs breck just reminds kale to be more careful. now, after their conversation, kale marks their property using a thick thread to make sure he doesn't leave the safe zone. as he does, he sees ashley coming home, so he runs back to his room, peeking through his bedroom window. kale watches ashley undress, preparing to take a shower. after that, ronnie arrives, and kayle excitedly shows him how he watches his neighbors from his bedroom, including robert turner. according to kale, robert moses lawn about twice a day. the two of them watch as she swims in the pool. and when ronnie asks kale what's stopping him from getting to know her, kale only looks at his ankle monitor one time. when he sees ashley pulling up in their driveway. kayle puts on a show of having a hard time getting his mail from the mailbox due to his angle monitor. ashley notices him and offers to help, and kale thanks her. after finally befriending ashley, kale tries to get to know her more, only to be interrupted by ashley's mom calling her with that. ashley leaves. later that night, kale watches the news about the missing girl, reporting that she was picked up by an unidentified person driving a blue 1960s ford mustang with a den on the left side. after watching, kale goes back to spying on ashley. he's watching her do her yoga exercises from his window when ashley suddenly looks his way. this makes kale nervous, and he wonders if she can see him. when ashley resumes her exercise, her dad comes into her room and they start arguing. after he leaves, kale continues peeping on ashley using his binoculars. and when she lies on her bed, she looks directly to kale's window. kale falls asleep while spying on ashley, and when he wakes up, he sees robert coming home. kale watches robert put two big plastic bags in his garage, then notices that his car matches the description of the one on the news. to confirm, kale gets his binoculars, and sure enough, he sees the dent on robert's blue 1960s ford mustang. suspicious of robert. now kate and ronnie do some digging about the missing girl's case. they find out that the circumstances surrounding her disappearance are similar to the murder kidnappings in austin three years ago. they also learned that the culprit's victims were all redheads and that he was never caught. the authorities found seven girls bodies on his property a year later after he left. as ronnie reads the news, kale sees ashley preparing to go for a swim, so the two of them spy on her. again, while watching her, ronnie accidentally makes some noise, catching ashley's attention. she then sees kale peeking at her from his window, so she goes to kale's house. kale tells ashley that he and ronnie are just playing video games in his room. and when ashley says she wants to join them, the two boys become speechless. ashley heads straight to kale's messy room. and as they clean ashley spots kale's binoculars. she picks it up and asks gayle if he's spying on their neighbors. but it's ronnie who replies, saying that he is, and that kale even thinks that one of their neighbors is the serial killer from the news. ronnie and kale tell ashley that robert drives a car just like the one the serial killer used to kidnap the missing girl from madison. suspicious of their story, ashley uses kale's binoculars to check on robert, just in time. the man is about to leave his house. ashley sees him driving his ford mustang, but there is no dent in his car. unable to believe it, kale takes the binoculars from ashley to see the car, and true enough, there's no dent in it. with peaked interest, ashley expresses her desire to join the boys in spying on robber. ashley, kale and ronnie continue researching the serial killer. and when it's time to spy on robert, they even set up a camera near the window. while waiting for robert to show up, kale asks ashley why they moved into the suburbs. ashley reveals that her mom wanted to keep her dad on a shorter leash, since the city has its temptations. finally, robert arrives home with a redheaded girl with a camera in hand. kale records everything in robert's house, while ashley watches using the binoculars. as they watch, they see robert pull out a knife, but he only uses it to cut the tag from the girl's dress. while spying ashley's mom calls and asks her to come home, so she does. kale walks ashley home, but makes sure that he stays in the safe zone. when returning to his room, he hears the girl from robert's house shouting for help. kale catches her running around robert's house in a panic, so he immediately picks up his camera to record everything. kale manages to record the woman banging on the window with robert behind her, but in the process, he accidentally takes a picture of them with his cameras flash, getting robert's attention. he ducks while continuing to record. and when he doesn't see robert, he gets up and uses his binoculars. that's when he sees robert from one of the windows, staring directly at him. ronnie suddenly calls, startling kale. he proceeds to tell him that robert just saw him, then describes what he just witnessed. kale's also scared that robert has killed the girl. however, kale sees the girl getting into her car, looking completely fine, before driving away. the following day, kale wakes up to find robert in his house. his mom explains that she ran into robert at the grocery store and helped her with her flat tire. suspicious of his true motive, kale keeps his distance from robber. when robert notices his ankle bracelet, he asks scale what he did to get that. and with hostility, kale replies that he punched his spanish teacher. kale's mom says she left the milk in her car, so when she goes to get it, robert teasingly tells kale that when he was in school, there were some teachers that he wanted to kill. when mrs brecht comes back, robert suggests that they all do dinner and a movie sometime. but while his mom agrees, kale vehemently objects. kale then quickly adds that it's just him who won't be joining them, but his mom would love to. later that day, hale tells ashley about his confrontation with robert. while kale's going over the little evidence he has of robert being the serial killer, ashley informs him that she's having a party back home. kale knows he's going nowhere with his ankle monitor, so he says goodbye to ashley, even though he's completely upset, kale watches the party from his bedroom window, and he gets jealous when he sees ashley hugging another guy. to get back at her, kale takes out his big speaker on his roof and plays loud music, drowning the one from the party. pissed, ashley sneaks into kale's room through his window and grabs kale's ipod to stop the music. the two get into a small argument, but they immediately resolve it and they end up kissing. meanwhile, a large amount of blood splatters on robert's window. while ashley and kale are making out, robert removes the plastic cover he used to protect his windows from the blood. when ashley notices the noise, she checks to see what it is. and from kale's bedroom, they see robert dragging something big down his stairs. though it's covered with plastic, ashley could see that it's smeared with blood. the following day, ronnie breaks into robert's car, and ashley follows robert to the store, while staying on the phone with kale to update him. when ashley runs into one of her friends, she loses robert and drops the call. meanwhile, ronnie finally manages to open robert's car after a few attempts. ashley immediately calls kail back to inform him that she lost robert. now, panicking, kale quickly asks ronnie for the remote control code to robert's garage door before telling him that robert is coming home. on the other hand, ashley is trying to drive back home when she runs into robert, who introduces himself to her without any warning. he removes her keys from the ignition and gets in the car. robert tries to intimidate her, telling ashley that he knows she's following him, even though he doesn't know why. he ominously mentions that he's a man who enjoys his privacy and that she's not the only one watching. before leaving, he hints that she should pass along his message to kale. at kale's house, ashley tells the boys about what robert did, then tells them that they should stop spying on him. determined to continue, kail insists that they should find out what robert is hiding. however, ashley's so terrified by robert that she is having none of it. before going home, she tells the boys one last time to stop spying on him. realizing that he left his phone inside robert's car, ronnie goes back to kale's house to let him know, and kale promises that they will get it back. since kayle has configured the camera to connect to the television he made, ronnie uses it to get a good view of robert's house as he breaks into it. kale watches from his house, and ronnie hops over the fence and into robert's property. he opens the garage door and gets inside, mentioning that it reeks there, he immediately opens robert's car and finds his phone, then starts looking around to find the source of the smell. as he does, ronnie sets down the camera when he is about to open a plastic bag with blood and hair in it. the camera starts sliding down, but he manages to catch it. all of a sudden, the garage door closes, leaving ronnie trapped inside. he tells kale that someone might be in there with him, then begs him for help as the camera feed cuts off. when it gets back on, kale sees ronnie running around robert's house without hesitation. kale grabs a bat before running for robert's house. kale frantically searches for ronnie, ignoring his beeping ankle monitor. but before he can enter robert's house, the cops show up. as they take him away, kale shouts that ronnie is inside the house and that robert has been kidnapping and killing people. kale tells the cops about the bag they saw in his garage, saying there's a body in it, just to make sure everything's okay. the cops search robert's property, only to find that the bag kale was referring to contains roadkill, with no signs of ronnie or a dead body. the cops take kale away in an attempt to stop robert from pressing charges against kale. mrs brecht goes to robert's house to talk to him. meanwhile, kale finds ronnie in his closet, saying he was scared of going to jail for breaking into robert's house, so he hid in the closet instead. ronnie then shows kale the video of his escape from robert's house before going downstairs. as kale watches the video, he realizes that ronnie has captured an image of a dead girl wrapped in a plastic bag and hidden in a vent. it was the redhead they saw coming home with robert the other night. back at robert's house, the man incapacitates kale's mother by grabbing her and banging her head on the wall. now that he has proof of robert's crime, kale calls for ronnie downstairs, but robert attacks his friend with a baseball bat with his phone in hand. kale is about to call for help when he suddenly sees robert's reflection on his monitor. thinking quickly, kale moves to the right as robert swings his bat, hitting his table instead of him. kale rushes downstairs and tries to get their landline, but robert immediately catches up to him, and the two of them fight. since he is bigger and taller than kale, robert easily throws kale over the counter, but he manages to get up and grab a chair to hit robert. kale then runs for the door, but again, robert catches up to him on the lawn. robert attempts to strangle him with the threat he used to mark his safe zone, but kale still manages to break free. kale tries to crawl beyond his safe area with all his might, but robert drags him back to the middle of the lawn and knocks him unconscious. robert then gags and binds him before dragging him back to his room. as they both sit in kale's room, robert reveals how he will murder ronnie and mrs brecht then pin it on him. he forces kale to write a confession letter to ashley, saying that he killed his friend ronnie. while he said it, ashley suddenly arrives, distracting robert and giving kayla a chance to attack him. still bound, kale tries to get out of his room, and as robert is about to stab him, ashley attacks him from behind. unfortunately, robert overpowers her with ease, but kale sees the opportunity to push over the wooden stair railing. ashley and kale lock themselves inside kale's room, and ashley cuts the tape binding kale's hands before calling 9-1-1 with no luck. kale tells ashley that they have to go beyond his safe zone. and as they prepare to escape through the window, robert breaks the door using his bat. kale and ashley then run for the window and go across the roof, before finally jumping into ashley's swimming pool with his ankle monitor now beeping. kale tells ashley to make sure the cops are coming while he gets his mom before going to robert's house. kale takes the garden shears from their lawn and uses them to break into robert's place. as kale searches for his mother, officer gutierrez receives a call saying that kayla has jumped off the fence. again. inside robert's house, kayle finds the vent he saw from ronnie's video and opens it in an attempt to find his mom, with the dead girl still there. kale peeks inside the vent, only to find another dead girl in a hidden room. unaware that robert is watching him from outside the house, kale continues his search and ends up in a room with several chest freezers inside. on the other hand, officer gutierrez arrives at the scene. kale goes through the room, and there he finds the redhead girl's driver's license and personal belongings. he also finds a red wig, making him realize that robert pretended to be the redhead leaving his house the night he and ashley watched him before officer gutierrez could find anything in robert's house. robert snaps his neck, while kale finds the entrance to the secret room he saw earlier. in there, he finds more personal belongings of robert's previous victims and more decaying bodies. finally, kale finds his mom bound and gag and with the garden shears, kale cuts the rope to free her. before they could escape, robert shows up and slashes kale's back before pinning him on the wall. as he is about to stab kale, mrs brecht finds a dagger and stabs robert in the leg. robert hits her, and kale wastes no time picking up the garden shears and impaling robert, finally killing him. the cops show up and kayle and his mom go home after the whole incident. detective parker removes kale's ankle bracelet, saying that he's the first person she knows to have it removed for good behavior. now that he's free, kale leaves his house and finds ashley. she asks him what he plans to do next. and in response, he calls the mother of the two boys who pranked him, saying that the kids are watching an adult show. with a laugh, kale kisses angela while ronnie teasingly films them. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 