I think we're alone now isn't the song from the AES. it's, in fact, a 2018 post-apocalyptic science fiction story starring Peter Dinklage. unlike most action films that use the aesthetic of the World's End, I think we're alone now has a heart and human story behind there that I think works beautifully as an analogy of modern-day issues. throughout this video, I'll be discussing the ending of I think we're alone now, as well as the themes of the film. there will be heavy spoilers, and I definitely recommend that you give this one a watch if you're looking for something slightly different without the way I'm definition, and I ruin the movie so you don't have to. I think we're alone now centers around the character of Dell, and played by Peter Dinklage. after an undetermined post-apocalyptic event wipes out the majority of humanity, Dell believes that he is the last man on earth and lives alone in a small town library. after being awakened one night by fireworks, Dell discovers grace, and the two former friendship. eventually we learn that Dell is indeed not the last man on earth, and there exists a community of 1,000 people. Dell was unaware of this because he refused to leave his own little world to visitors from the community searching for grace informed Dell that there are procedures that allow survivors to forget their past traumas entirely, and that these are what have allowed the human race to continue and thrive. stubborn as ever, Dell turns down Grace's invitation to join the community and returns to a solitary lifestyle. now unable to live alone, though, adult journeys out to find Grace, who has had some of the mind modification procedures, though we eventually learn that it has not worked. the two then traveled to the community, where they discover all of the population blissfully ignorant to what's come before. shunning this, Dell and grace decide to return to their own little town where they can live together with one another, which ends the film. obviously, there's a lot to unpack from this, and to me, the clearest analogy that can be drawn from it is the immigration crisis that is rampant in modern politics. Dell walling himself off from the world can be viewed as symbolism for the current US. government's plan to build a physical wall between the border of their country and Mexico. del has forgotten how much diversity and different demographics have positively impacted his life, and he now lives in a little bubble, refusing to venture outside of it, which leaves him trapped from people on the outside who currently lived the happy and carefree life that he is quietly desperate for. the fireworks that awakened him could be viewed as a metaphor for the fireworks that are set off on the 4th of July when America celebrates their independence. this is to remember the period when the country joined the rest of the world as its own entity. America was once a country that was welcoming to all from around the world. however, it slowly begun to strengthen its borders and retreat to its comfort zone, much in the same way that Dale and grace do at the film's close. however, this isn't some idealization of the rest of the world, and I'm certainly not trying to paint our America in an ignorant white juxtaposing their plight the cult to make promises of escaping one's past and being perfect. and the film beautifully showcases that there is no true utopia other than the one that we make for ourselves. things like the pretend parents tracking down grace due to a scar on her neck, which clearly contains a tracking device, informs the audience that not everything that glitters is gold, and there are people on both sides that will twist the truth to get what they want. it's a beautifully complex film, and I definitely recommend that you watch it. obviously, a lot of this is my own personal opinion, so if you agree or disagree, then I'd love to hear your thoughts in the comments. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of the ending of Suspiria, which is linked at the end of this video. this is a channel for people who are mad about movies, soap. that's the kind of thing you like. hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 