welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to. the silence has just dropped on Netflix, and this modern horror film with the twist has a lot to unpack from it. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the movie, the inspiration behind it and its ending. I'm gonna try my best not I mentioned bird box or a quiet place at all throughout this review and judge it on its own merit, but man, it's gonna be difficult. anyway, this is, of course, going to be filled with full spoilers on the film. so if you don't want to know anything about the movie, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I hope you enjoy the video. now, let's get into my breakdown of a quiet bird box to the silo. are crap, right? that's the last time I swear. anyway, the silence is adapted from a book of the same name by Tim Leben. this 2015 release, similar to the film, follows Ali who lost her hearing her young age and has had to adapt to the world around her to make matters worse, the finding of a cave that as millions of years old, is an earth, and from its Springs of wealth of monsters that prey on sound, seeking a quiet place, off off, sorry, seeking a less noisy environment. the family decide to travel to Scotland, as they're based in Britain. and along the way, they run into people who've devolved into uncivilized heathens that wish to survive in this now lawless society. this came out way before all the other similar films, and is technically the original, though overall, it doesn't quite capture the same level of intensity that those movies had. anyway, the film follows the source material quite closely, and we opened with the unearthing of an uncharted cave in Pennsylvania. vicious pterodactyl spring forth from it and completely decimate the scientists that's discovered the area. and spring forth into the world. due to the absence of light within the cave, the pterodactyls, or vests as they come to be known, have evolved to the point that they now hunt using sound. and this makes humans and easy it. these pterodactyls are absolutely ferocious and will rip the bird right out of its bird box. aw crap. look, I'm sorry. I didn't mean that one. please don't thumbs down the video. anyway, it's here that we join ally, who's, similar to the source material, lost her ability to hear a young age through a car crash that deafened her and killed some of her grandparents. Ally's father has remarked on her ability to adapt to the world around her, and the character almost has a sixth sense of awareness through having to rely on the rest of his senses. I'm kind of hoping, right that they just keep making these horror movies that deprive the senses, so eventually, hopefully we can get the scent, whoever smelt it dealt it. or the silence too. silent but violent. back to this movie, though, there's a real sense of loss in the family, and they're very overprotective of Ally, who we see the world through the eyes of. is it slowly torn apart by attacks of the newly discovered creatures through the use of social media and viral videos. the family quickly discover that the silence is the only way to survive, and they decide to get as far away from the city as possible. assisters obviously, where the most noises. now, where this differs from most other films with a similar aesthetic is that the silence shows the attacks from the point of view of random civilians. early on, this is scene where a mother and her crying baby get attacked on a subway after their house today at rain by fearful members of the public. and this sets up the notion that most people are selfish and will do whatever it takes to survive. this is confirmed on the road when Allie and her family run into a man who tries to take their car at gunpoint. but luckily, Ally's dad's best friend, Glenn, who's such a good guy that everyone calls him uncle, shoots the man in the leg, and they managed to get away. however, it's not the first run-in that they have. and it becomes apparent that humans are pretty much the polar opposite of the best. humans are stupid, listen to Boris Johnson, and will kick their grandmothers out of the car for an extra like on Facebook, whereas the best move is one cohesive unit, and are therefore far more deadly. this kind of plays into the ending and which humans have to adapt to survive. and we see them sort of hunting in the same way that gasps to, which I'll focus on later. anyway, when going off-road, Glenn crashes his car and becomes wedged in the vehicle. knowing he's a goner, and being such a great guy, Glenn says that he's going to shoot Ali's dad if he doesn't leave. back at the car, the dog starts barking, and this draws the attention of the best. Glenn fires his gun to draw them away, and they swarm on him. these little air piranhas quickly rip them apart. and Ally's father puts the family dog out the car because it won't stop barking. which I got a bit annoyed about, because, why didn't you take a muzzle or something? don't kill the dog. I mean, there's this dog next door, right? and every time I try and record a video, it starts yapping away. and even though it acts like that, I still wouldn't kick it out the car. I mean, how stupid are you, Ali's dad? if you keep feeding animals, they're gonna think there's a food source in the area. have you not seen jaws? anyway, due to this, the family end up having to wait it out for a couple of hours before the father decides to exit the car. unfortunately, Ali's grandmother, who's a smoking asthmatic, suddenly gets a coffee and one of the best swarms in, which forces Ali's dad to make a distraction from this, he discovers that the creatures are blind as a bat, and sets fire to Glenn's car, which draws them in and then explodes, clearing most of the area. the group make it to the farm, which is when a crazy old lady with a gun comes out shouting for them to get off the land. and I guess she must only watch fox news, because she has no idea what's going on, and quickly gets ripped apart by the best. and what's probably the most unintentionally hilarious moment of the movie, get out. go on. get up. anyway, the group crawled through a tunnel in order to get to her house, which forces the father to turn on a wood chipper. and it's as badass as the old woman's death is funny. I would literally just turn that on all day and sit back and enjoy that mean old lady's delicious sandwich. this video was brought to you by mean old lady sandwiches. eat wisps. anyway, as the family bunker down, it's at this point that we start to learn that religious nuts have been sacrificing atheists to vest as they believe that they have come to purge mankind. due to the mother of the family being bitten badly by one of the creatures, she gets an infection, and Ally and her father have to head out to get antibiotics, which is when they draw the attention of the religious people. in case you haven't worked it out already, this film is very anti right and the religious people can sort be viewed as a metaphor for right-wing people attempting to silence free speech through vests. and thus, now that they are the main Authority in the land, the family become their new target. the movie sort of highlights the dangers that come on one side of the argument manages to gain complete control, and the antagonists are representative of an oppressive force that believe they have the right to do it because they've been gifted with an apparent higher power. whilst this metaphor works with a lot of beliefs and governments, the silence is a clear shot at the trauma administration and some of its policies. this political mind state is seen with the evolution and adapting comment made at the end by Ali. and it shows that when one side of the argument gets too powerful, the other one started to diminish, which is when they must fight back. anyway, before I get too bogged down in political subtext, Ali and her father went looking for supplies, discover that the bests lay their offspring in the body of the dead, and leave the shop, which is when they run into a character known as the Reverend. Ali and her father just want to be on their way, but you know what it's like when you're walking down the street and a religious guy stops you to tell you about his flock in the apocalypse? and alia Netaji's end up having to leave abruptly. his flock, known as the hushed, have resorted to cutting their tongues out in order to stay silent. and this shows their dedication to their beliefs. now, I know I said I'd stop mentioning Bird box, but in the book, sending, the School for the Blind that the characters eventually reached was originally actually just a place full of self-inflicted blind people. so it's nice that in this film we at least get a version of something that was originally deemed too dark for the movies. the Reverend follows Ali and her father home and creepily stands outside, looking at them and smiling. he tries to recruit them once a game, but Ali's father politely requests to be left alone, which is when the Reverend says that why he's really come for its Ali, who is fair tile needless to say, this isn't good news, and they retreat. and by that time, what I love about these villains is that so sinister and calm. a lot of the other films in the genre would probably have some over anger towards the group, but these are almost pacifists and try to avoid fighting as much as possible. it's at this point that Ally learns from a boyfriend robbed of safe zone up north known as the refuge. however, in the dead of night, the hushed attacked the farm by sending in a girl strapped with mobile phones that all have alarms set on them, which causes the bests to swarm in. as if the iPhone alarm wasn't annoying enough already, now it's being used to murder people. honestly, though, this is where the film really ramps up. and I loved seeing the phones being thrown through windows and uses weapons. this gives the hush time to sneak in and attempt to grab Ally, which causes the grandmother to rush them and sacrifice herself in order to kill some of the attackers. the group flanked the hushed and managed to kill a majority of them. but you really get the feeling that there are no winners here. and they shot the best flying above the carnage solidifies that the overseers still during the world. to me, this sort of represents the people fighting it out amongst themselves, and the government let it happen, as they're still in control and it doesn't affect them well. then it's shown a montage of the family making their way up north, and Ali is reunited with Rob. from the ending monologue, we get the feeling that this is really a race to the top of the food chain. so this can be viewed as a race between progressives and non progressives in society. and the ending highlights that, though there are no right or wrong rulers of the planet, eventually one will be decided dependent on few adapts. the most factor Ally easily kills the creature that wonders of north. highlights that it is the humans that will most likely win, though it becomes clear that the bests have adapted to the environment and have even started to lay eggs. there there's an indicator that the survival of the fittest race may go on forever. but we close on a hopeful ally heading to tackle the problem head-on. overall, it's an ambiguous ending. and whilst the movie is a little underwhelming, I did still have a lot of fun with it. I would love to have seen this as a TV series as crammed into just 90 minutes. it feels a little underdeveloped. this feels like a first chapter. we're down the road. there would be potential for a lot more. still, the movie was fun, and was it's getting slayed online. I did still enjoy it. overall, the silence, for me, gets a 6 out of 10. obviously, I'd loved hear your thoughts on the film, and he took anything differently from it? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this breakdown, then make sure you check out my latest video on everything we know so far about Avengers and game, which will be linked at the end, this is the channel for people who were made into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 