[Music], what is up? YouTube. it's your girl, Evelyn, and welcome to the season 3 episode to recap of killing Eve. as always, there will be spoilers, so proceed with caution. episode 2 begins with a sad-looking Eve standing on the sidewalk while holding a half-empty glass of wine and a pack of cigarettes. an annoyingly smug man blows vapor in her face, then it gives her unsolicited advice about her obvious alcoholism. Eve flees from the jerk and retreats inside the building where Kenny's Wake is currently being held. everyone's favorite handler, Constantine, is present, because apparently he just does whatever the hell he wants. the consensus amongst the mourners is that a depressed Kenny jumped from the roof of the bitter pill. but Eve, who finished her wine and upgrade to gin, knows better, and begins asking questions no one is willing to answer. and she discovers the smug vaping bastard is actually Jamie. Kenny's a former editor at the bitter pill. Eve then has a run-in with her former mi6 boss, Carolyn. Carolyn is her usual emotionally bereft self, despite her daughter at Geraldine's insistence that she needs to grieve Kenny. Carolyn attempts to talk with Eve, but she's too late. Eve is already plastered and makes a scene before awkwardly storming away. were then transported to Barcelona, where villanelle has just arrived at a ridiculously gorgeous Spanish villa and twirls around like a real-life Chanel ad [Music]. dasha shows up and takes credit for villanelles new digs, before explaining the next step in the promotion process to becoming a keeper. the 12 want villanelle to demonstrate patience and responsibility by training a new assassin. villanelle tells Dasha she possesses neither of those traits, but agrees because, well, what else is she gonna do? unsurprisingly, carolyn is already back to work at mi6, but after a botched attempt to run a meeting, Paul pulls her aside and gently tells her it's too soon after Kenny's death for her to return to work. he tells Carolyn to go home. so of course, she decides to pay Eve a visit at work. but after Carolyn's deception in Rome, Eve is not here for her. she makes Carolyn cut straight to the point. and Carolyn admits she agrees with Eve, Kenny did not commit suicide. she wants to discuss it further. but Eve tells Carolyn that she doesn't work for mi6 anymore, and she doesn't have to tell Carolyn a damn thing. in a last-ditch effort to entice Eve back into the fold, Carolyn shows her a photo of the political agitator villanelle, killed in the last episode. and poor Eve looks as if she's just seen a ghost. but she's adamant and sticks to her guns. after Carolyn leaves, Eve returns to work and immediately vomits. a quick check-in with Constantine shows that he's still working for the twelve, and despite wanting to lead London, the twelve is keeping him there to watch over his old in my six friend, villanelle has just arrived in France and meets with her new trainee, Felix, a 19 year old who couldn't be more ill suited for the job of assassin if he tried. like most people, Felix irritates villanelle, but the two share a brief bonding moment when Felix admits that after murdering a bully who beat up his boyfriend, his boyfriend wanted nothing to do with him. with a wistful look in her eye, villanelle agrees that loving someone who doesn't love you back feels like disguised as clowns. villanelle and Felix infiltrate a child's birthday party. and villanelle since Felix inside the targets house to cleanly and quietly dispatch of him. well, seconds later, villanelle checks on Felix, only to discover his unsuccessful attempt at killing the target is, in fact, very loud and very messy. villanelle shoots the target as well as Felix, then declares that management sucks. Eve, who is pretty much a functioning alcoholic at this point, is sitting at a bar trying to guess the code to Kenny's work phone, which you'll remember she pocketed last episode while searching for Cain at the bitter pill. an unknown number begins blowing up the phone with repeated calls and rude text messages. Eve answers, and of course, it's none other than Jamie, who obnoxiously demands that Eve returned Kenny's work phone to him. Eve hangs up, but Jamie's subsequent text messages eventually get to her, and she shows up at the bitter pill to negotiate the return of the phone. like Eve, Jamie believes Kenny's phone may reveal information about who killed him and why. in exchange for handing over Kenny's phone, Eve demands access to his computer files. Jamie agrees to give her an encrypted thumb drive containing Kenny's work and Eve finally relinquishes the phone. [Music]. Jamie and crew successfully break into Kenny's phone and start sticking around. they learn he was secretly dating his bitter pill co-worker, Audrey. and Jamie is comforted by the fact that Kenny was at least getting some before he died. eve then demands the thumb drive, which Jamie conveniently forgot to tell her is currently in police custody. she takes back the phone and storms out. another quick check-in with Constantine shows him fumbling around London. and guess who? he just so happens to run into Carolyn's daughter, Geraldine. after exchanging pleasantries, posten teen insists that Geraldine take the refrigerator magnet souvenir he purchased for his daughter in last week's episode. Geraldine is touched by the kind-hearted gesture and accepts the gift. meanwhile, Carolyn is still trying to get her unofficial investigation into Kenny's death off the ground. she talks to his former coworker and secret girlfriend, Audrey, in an effort to better understand his state of mind at the time of his death. she asked Audrey if Kenny was happy. and Audrey tells her that Kenny liked to sing as Club 7 while he was on the loo, which seems like an emphatic yes. poor Carolyn is at a loss. Kenny was her son, but when it comes to investigating his death, her hands are tied at work. meanwhile, at home, the well-intentioned Geraldine won't stop pestering her to talk about her feelings. instead, carolyn chooses to eat sandwiches alone in her car while listening to dido and aeneas, an opera that tells the tragic tale of Queen Dido, who dies of grief after being abandoned by her love. later that evening, a surprisingly sober Eve shows up to Carolyn's flat, this time ready to talk. after telling Carolyn about Kenny's encrypted thumb drive, even cysts, they figure out a way to retrieve it from police custody, thus kicking off Carolyn and Eve's wacky season 3 adventures. we then get a close-up to the suddenly sinister looking refrigerator magnet gifted geraldine by constantin turns out, the old mi6 friend the 12 want Constantine to keep an eye on is none other than Carolyn. and the magnet is actually a listening device. and we can't forget about villanelle. she has happily returned to her palatial Villa with seemingly no repercussions from killing former trainee Felix. but villanelles good mood soon sours when she discovers Constantine waiting for her. she hurls random objects at him, then needs him in the groin. in turn, he tells her how much he missed her. villanelle brags about how she is well on her way to becoming a keeper, and Constantine laughs because, well, the idea of the impulsive villanelle as management is ridiculous. when she brings up Dasha as proof of her rising status Constantine reminds her that Dasha has already betrayed her once before and shouldn't be trusted. she demands to know how he found her, and he admits that he never stopped working for the twelve. konstantin casually tells her that eve is alive. and about twenty different emotions a flash across villanelles face in a matter of seconds. she quickly shakes them off. and when constantine asks if she's okay, she insists that she's absolutely fine, even as a tear rolls down her cheek and she breaks into laughter. and that is it for the recap. tell me, do you guys think the 12 killed Kenny? it seems obvious, but is it too obvious? and now that villanelle knows eve is alive, what do you think her next move will be? let me know in the comments. and as always, thank you guys for watching. don't forget to subscribe. I'll see you next week. 