before we begin, let me start by saying I love how this movie motivates me to improve my bond. now I'm gonna cuddle up with my cat, drink some soda pop and watch rocky while I eat my pita chips the styles of our movie today. ah, weighing in at 178 pounds. 158. if you subtract, is the Italian stallion. watch the real Italian stallion and see for yourself. I have never regretted finding out something so much in all my life. weighing in at 40 2.3 pounds. 40, if you subtract or nerdy glasses, the saddest Italian woman in cinema history, Connie Coppola. weighing in at 183 pounds, 179, if you subtract his mustache, the deadbeat daddy nobody saw coming. just letting y'all know, rich folk can be slackers. to Apollo Creed. and weighing in at 283 pounds, 133, if you subtract his fat, the choking chubby. to make the heart a look even hotter. Paulie play house tour begins in Philadelphia. 1975. CL, says, right there with Jesus overlooking rocky and his opponent in the boxing ring. because apparently there ain't nothing Jesus loved more than watching two people beat the [ __ ] out of each other while he laughs at him both for thinking he's on their side. a much to know about Rocky. hell, even rocky don't know much. his vocabulary consists of about 10 words. they include aid, oh, eh, oh, oh eh, yo Adrian, and you sure the same s sometimes he streets together a few at once until he says, ayo yo. Adrian usually sumers. but all that matters is he could still kick my and y'all's, I don't discriminate. he lives in a rathole apartment where his only mother and friends are two turtles, and they can move faster the Rocky's brain. and there's a fish. I didn't forget the fish. don't grab your pitchforks. really. the only reason he owns these pets is because he goes to visit a local group at the pet store twice a day, and she completely ignores his ex even though every day he makes up a new joke for and let me tell you, when your jokes are underappreciated, that is the lowest point in your life. ah, but still, you push this and so does rocket. but these are some hard-working people right here. you know, it ain't easy to work this hard just to be broke. take it from Jim. so rocky got no skills, no woman, no money, and now no damn Locker. so he goes to Mickey. this is Mickey, his colon on prunes moves faster than rock his brain. and rocky is angriest. so he walks up to Mickey and says, oh, you Luke, or you? and makes sense if I bounced off the rocket says, oh, okay. rocket stops by to see Adrian again, then to see her brother Pauline, hoping he'll help him hook up with her. and Paul is like, I don't know why you won't, that loser. she damn near 30. he never had nothing up in there. and they no more than a few years away from Barton does. and here we see the difference between the motivated and the lazy. when this bartender calls Apollo Creed a clown. rock is like, oh, you won't be like a bowl Creek, right? and the bartender pretty much just says, hey, I got my beer. so to remind us all that Paul folk are only pawns in the rich man's chess game, Apollo finds out his opponent has broken his third metacarpal in his left hand. and Apollo's trainer is having none of this, and he says, hey, it ain't just green. what about all the time Apollo has invested [ __ ] so the rest of the conversation goes something like this, Ernie Romans in France enjoying a croissant, but his Chow moved to California, turned into a tempest. and Apollo says, I am the king goat. they all afraid to step into the ring with me, where the whole world will see me do like their mamas and spanked a little white. and Don King over here says, I get it, Nepal. oh, you want to make a bunch of [ __ ] money. but Apollo says, Gardens, let's take some nobody and make him a somebody by putting them in the ring and own this here possa in front of everybody. but can't nobody beat me? and then I'll remind everybody that he ain't somebody. and meanwhile, we can make a bunch of [ __ ] money. and they all laugh about making a bunch of [ __ ] money. so notice daddy look through the book of boxes, which I don't think really exists, and he picks his favorite pass he says, sales are nobody. Apollo Creed versus the Italian stallion. sounds like a damn porno movie. rookie goes to Polly and Adrienne's house for thanksgivin. and Paulie actor, oh, so rocky goes to or dog, says, yo, Adrian the road says, you something like three years older than God. I'm the same age as you, so I think we could go out thought dusty Bella, after he takes an ice skate and he walks her back to her as a pop man, says, I looked at their suds. we just kind of wet, boom, you know? I mean. and he finally gets the end of the room, and he's like, I know this is a bug Department, but I ain't a slacker in one department. so arrow your agent, let me show you my Sylvester Stallone. we can't really get to know each other until rocky introduces you to is Brock, our little rusty. you always are poor. no, you should see me. can you imagine the confusion that must have ensued between these two dumb it was on that apartment floor. are you a dream? I've got this wrong thing here. and I was up. we're in that place there. we might be doing the Sun. so to summarize, Adrian takes her first ride on a Bronco italiano. the next day, rocky shows up at Mickey's place and finds out Apollo Creed is looking for it. but Mick says, y'all loser. you don't do with your life. you got fouled and you're wasting it. but I'll see you back at your place in a few minutes time. can ask you for a damn job. you see, there are kind people such as rocky in this world who are put here to tolerate it so such as Mick. so rocky goes to see Jergens, the promoter of this big Apollo Creed struttin event thinkin Apollo don't need nothing but a sparring partner. and as we should all expect, rocky is wrong. you see, they want to make people believe that they have given this underdog a shot at the American dream. but they think rocky can't even spell Apollo, much less beat him. and look at rocky ain't done nothing and is already famous on the boob tube, kind of like Steve Marvin. so they ask rocky a bunch of dumb ik questions, like, where'd you get your nickname, the Italian stallion? and rocky says, I came up doesn't name about six years ago when I was in that movie with the same name, but my Italian try to roll free. well, that got Polly's attention. so just like I told you, Mick shows up asking for a job, and rocky gives it to him because who the hell else don't train that bum? and the next morning, rocky wakes up at 4:00 a.m. to 28th mother in degree weather, guzzles five raw eggs and still can't even manage to run up 72 damn steps. water in cupcake poorly and rocky have a little conversation about why rocky is attracted to Adrienne, and Paul II asks Rocky if he's been serving her his fourteen pounds of ground round. and when Paulie pushes rocky into a state of explosiveness, rocky demonstrates the Polly how well he can beat his meat, all puns intended. and Polly thinks, Obama tolerate this well-hung half-wit. and my simple sister, I'm gonna need to stay half-lift back at the house. Adrian can't think of nothing except how she wants a taste of that large Italian salami. and he's like, oh look, Adrian, is the Creed of that booty. I can always found one. this is supposed to be a testament to his mental fortitude, but I just don't think turning down Adrian would take that much willpower. Mick turns rocking into a contender with one string, yells at some children and tells rocky, just because you Datanet pits told Dane, don't mean you gotta be pumping like animals. later, Polly calls the local news to show off rocks meat beaten. and you know, that ain't the first time he's beat his meat for the camera. Creed's trainer sees it and says, Apollo, I think you might need to see how this boy might be taught, baby. apparently, amongst all this money plotting and showmanship, it never occurs to Apollo that he might just get that whoop. oh Jesus. every family gotta have the annual family Christmas meltdown. Paulie, the biggest loser in the movie, goes on a rampage, and, like all losses, blames every damn body for his problems, except himself. he pretty much calls Adrian a halt. rocky gently reminds him that he could easily come up. and Adrian and rocky agree that two bums in one stinky apartment is a good idea. it's time for Jeb's 10 simple steps to sucks less. one, insert your 8-track tape and play motivational seventies music that sounds awfully close to a pono anthem. oh, to catch a fruit. it won't hurt to eat it either. three, slap a sack, Paul get some old, sweaty bums to provide moral support. five, be a punching bag because you're too damn dumb to feel pain anyway. six, beat you meet again, because your inspirational music gets you in the mood. seven, run away from defeat. look at Rocco. eight, finally get your mama. Lou gets up the [ __ ] steps. nine, act like a fool while nobody's watching. dummy, you ain't wins. ten, and witty comedic banter to a legendary scene. so you don't sound like a [ __ ], because this is emotional. but the night before the match, reality hits big ol rocky really hard. he gets in Adrian's bed and says, Abubakar Rove, third good. well, rocky, that was your first mistake. and they says, oh, they got the beach cream. [Music], nobody distance. and Adrian's like, I'm gonna go back to sleep because I can't understand a damn bar do mumbling words Jeb is all too familiar with. Oh, for sake, ain't nothing Jim hates worse than a [ __ ] go coming out on a mother in float like the whole damn world. oh, it's a parade. look at him in that dummy tat, trying to look smooth, tiptoeing around like and ballo Raynham, acting like his presence provides the damn crowd with a religious experience. I'm not even sure I'm talking about Creed anymore. and, oh yeah, there's a fight [ __ ]. and then winner, Apollo, Creed Bailey. then you load, rock ready to double root. and Adrian is like, rocky, your face looks like a ground [ __ ], a fatty. but I still love you because you still got that Italian stallion and your boxers Jones. the moral of this story is, if you ain't a stallion, you better be smart. if you ain't smart, you better be a stallion. and if you dumb and puny, you just, well, that's what I got from it anyway. and if you're really lucky, you just might make 150 grand being a herculean meathead. but that doesn't mean Jack diddly squat, because he's gettin broke again early in the second movie. please don't ask for too soon, and be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe your regular punch of mouth. you can expect me to upload videos after I finish this bag of tater chip, and it's a big bag full. movies explained for I'm Jam working my top, but still broken Isles. it'll bite. 