Welcome to the Breakdown Where We Breakdown All The Messed Up Shit! Okay cut the beat cut the beat I gotta something to say so put on some happy lets player shit! Okay, so I was just chilling one day, probably editing, and I got a nice message from another YouTuber named WTvF! Digital Grindhouse &amp; Drive-In, and he asked me if I would like to check out one of the many movies that he has uploaded. Well I was like hell yes! So After checking through many exploitation films that he was kind to upload, I chose to show y'all a late 70s killing flick called the Driller Killer. This film is about a painter who succumbs to the absolute needs of drillin' hobos. If you want to see what happens and see all the most disturbed parts, courtesy of WTvF, then stay tuned for the breakdown! The movie starts off with a dreadful title screen and we then see some long curly haired weirdo named Reno. He kinda reminds me of Richard Chase for some reason, staring weirdly at this bearded guy praying but gets spooked away by his touched. Well, Reno leaves with his girl Carol, and we can tell just by this back seat conversation that Reno really dislikes bums, or at least doesn't want to be one. The next morning starts off with this umm, kinda silly girl named Pamela trying to drill in the wall, and Reno takes the reigns. We then see that the three tenants all live in the same apartment, and they just got their rent due, including other living invoices. It seems that Reno is going to have to sell one of his artworks to not become a bum, kinda like the kind of bums we see him observing in these cutaways. Later, Rino visits an art gallery owner, asking for one week to finish his painting and 500 dollars to stay in his apartment, and not surprisingly, the art gallery owner says hell naw! Then, it seems Reno is fascinated with bums for some reason, looking towards a park, but then seeing this guy get stabbed. I don't know, but maybe Reno wants to kill him some bums too! Later, we see Reno arguing with his girl about his painting, saying she can't judge paintings because all she knows how to do is..Reno: Bitch! Bitch!.... Later we see the gang watching TV, and Reno gets incredibly interested in this port o Pack commercial, maybe he's thinking about doing a little construction. Later that night while painting, it seems Reno is getting annoyed at this band still loudly practicing, so he hallucinates seeing himself covered in blood and then we see Reno go up to a hobo hassling him about why he is on the streets in a disrespectful tone. He picks him up, but then hides in an alley from a bunch of angry teens. Then we see some lesbian action in the showers! I don't even think I had to mention this, plus it'll be a nightmare to censor so cut away quick please! Then we see Reno complain about the loud band to the bribed super intendent. Then he gives Reno a skinned rabbit for dinner. Reno cuts the organs out of it slicing it up, but then he uses the knife to stab the head over and over for no reason at all. See this what all weirdo serial killers do before they try to kill. Then Reno goes to the hardware store, probably buying what he saw on TV. Then later, Reno has auditory hallucinations of his name being called out. He then sees Carol but she has missing eyes, eventually snapping out of his delusions. He then hassles another hobo, but this time has a drill hidden from view. He then drills right into the screaming man, viciously drilling into his chest as blood leaks everywhere, finally stopping after a full minute. Later, the three tenants get ready to to a club to listen to the same band that annoys Reno. At the club, Reno stays away from the club because of the music, eventually leaving his two girlfriends behind. Well, Reno gets his drill, and begins his reign as the driller killer by killing one person in a surprise attack all up in their face. What a bad way to go. He then meets a familiar hobo drinking, who talks to Reno unaware he's about to get drilled. Not in that way, but Reno does drill the hobo painfully in the belly, letting him fall before finishing the job. Then our driller killer comes across another crazy hobo, you guys ever seen a homeless person that's just having a full conversation with themselves, kinda like this guy? Well he doesn't ever get to finish that conversation because Reno drills him through this bus stop thingie before dipping the spot. We see Reno killing yet another guy before running up on this hobo picking up trash. Then he plays around with this hobo like it some Tom and Jerry type shit. He finishes this little game of cat and mouse by giving him a Agent 47 behind attack! Reno then comes across a sleeping hobo, drilling him in the brain in a brutal and long death, before giving him a goodnight kiss. What a sick fuck! Well, with his killing spree over, Reno goes home where he is visited by a guy named Tony that is the lead singer of that band. He examines Reno's masterpieces on the walls, asking Reno if he could make a portrait of him. Reno tells him 500, and they start right away as Carol talks about the murders that were committed earlier. Then we cut to the tenants eating pizza, I mean looks kinda slimy too me but I'm a southern boy maybe New Yorkers like it like that back then. Reno is all up in that pizza, but boy you better eat all that damn crust! Sorry, just transformed into my mamma there. Well Carol is super grossed out and has really fell out of love with Reno in general. I mean if we were being honest I don't see what is so attractive about him at all. He looks like a smelly butt! Stop, but then we see Carol calling her ex husband named Steven, showing she's about to leave this crazy ass fuck! Then we see Reno painting Tony, but then we see some crazy hobo who is annoyed at the music that Tony's band is playing. Like damn I ain't ever seen someone so mad at music like that, even if it is terrible. Reno then goes out and drills the hobo by his hands to some walls. He watches sadistically, eventually stabbing the man in the torso leaving him hanging. Reno returns to the apartment with killing intent, but calms down and speaks his hot breath into his roommate faces saying his buffalo painting is finished. I bet that breath is hot and stank. I don't wanna wake up to no dirty ass pizza breath. Then we see him present the painting to the art collector. The collector talks absolute trash about the painting, like really just grilling into like it's a painting of a circle or something. Reno is dumbfounded and mute, but Carol is heartbroken and she loses herself in anger as Reno sitting there not talking. The next morning, we see Carol is leaving Reno for her ex husband, forcing him to chase after her. She leaves her stuff behind to get away from Reno, and he screams even after she is long gone. Reno then imagines himself talking to Carol on the phone, then is seen dreaming all bloody. Looks like Reno has just broken his mind. Reno calls the art collector to tell him he has a new painting to show him, really he must have a plan to kill the art collector. Well, Reno dresses up in a Driller Killer outfit, then we see the collector come in looking for Reno. Reno comes, looking disturbed with a power drill. He walks towards the collector in a iconic over the shoulder shot, and then kills the collector as the screen fades. Then, Pamela comes back home to see the drill through the door. She opens it to see the collectors dead body, before getting subdued by Reno. We don't know what happened to Pamela to this day. Then we cut to Carol who is with her ex husband and gets ready to take a shower. Then while Steven is making something to drink, Reno comes up from behind and drills him deeply, killing him. Then, we see Carol getting out of the shower to dry. Reno is hiding under the cover and Carol talks to him thinking that he is Steven. She climbs in bed, ready to hug up to her husband, calling his name to come closer, not knowing that she's about to get drilled! Well not that way, you know what I mean! Well, that was a nice little horror movie, but we're not done yet, lets talk about the most disturbed moment and most enjoyed moment in that Spooky Stuff! Okay lets get right into it, the most disturbed moment for me was probably the drilling of that guy's face, I mean it was pretty nasty to look at. The most enjoyed moment for me was probably the ending, just Carol not knowing that she's about to meet her end was pretty funny. And that's it, I want to give a shoutout to WTvF! Digital Grindhouse &amp; Drive-In for asking me to break this down and if you guys are ever just bored one day and want to watch some movies that I spend time watching for the channel, check out his channel, look I even got his logo right here! So hope you guys enjoyed the video, check out some more disturbed breakdowns on this playlist on the right and click on that pretty SpookyRice logo to subscribe today! Thanks for 3000 Subscribers, best summer ever! See ya soon, SpookyRice! 