[Music]. [Applause]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 biographical film, Bohemian Rhapsody. so let's get started. we will do our best to summarize all the 2019 Oscar Best Picture nominees before the awards. check out the playlist above for more oscar nominees summaries. the film opens in 1970 with farooq full saara watching a local band smile, perform at a nightclub. Farooq meets with guitarist Brian May and drummer Roger Taylor and offers to replace their lead singer, joined by bassist John Deacon, the band that goes on to be known as Queen, begins to work on their debut album. they sign a contract with EMI records, and Farook legally changes his name to Freddie Mercury. Freddy also gets engaged to Mary Austin. their album becomes a success in America, and during their US. tour, Freddie begins questioning his sexuality. in 1975, Queen records their fourth album, a Night at the Opera. but the band leaves EMI records after the label refuses to release the album's lead single Bohemian Rhapsody. the song is a huge hit, and during their worldwide tour, Freddie begins an affair with the band's manager, Paul printer. Freddie admits to Mary that he is bisexual, but she assures him that he is gay. the band continues to be a success through the early 80s, but Freddie's attitude begins to change. during a party, he falls for a waiter named Jim Hutton. but Jim tells Freddie to find him when he learns to like himself. the press begin to pry into Freddie's social life and his sexuality. Freddie's relationship with his band mates gets worse. after announcing a solo record, he moves to Munich to work on his solo album, getting heavily involved in drugs and orgies with paul printer. his ex-fiancee, mary, now pregnant, urges him to return to the band, who have been offered a spot for the benefit concert live 8. Paul wood held this information from Freddie, which enrages Freddie, and he leaves Paul. in a retaliation, Paula goes public with Freddie's sexual escapades after her asking for forgiveness for the band Freddie in the band are given a last-minute slot at Live Aid. beforehand, though, Freddie reveals that he has contracted AIDS, and the band members embrace him with love and support. freddie is reunited with the waiter, Jim Hutton and his ex fiance married. and the band goes on to perform at live 8 with his family watchin can perform on TV. the movie then shows the entire set that they played for Live Aid with a variety of hits, which is still considered as one of the greatest performance of all time by many critics. the concert is a success, and freddie spends the remainder of his life with Jim Hutton. after dying from AIDS in 1991, the remaining members of Queen create the mercury Phoenix trust to help combat AIDS worldwide. so that was the spoilers for Bohemian Rhapsody. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts and her various forms of social media. and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 