Kevin Spacey's departure from house of cards was big news, and rightly so. however, after being fired from the show, the creative team behind it were forced to change its ending in order to deal with the absence. throughout this video, I'll be discussing the original ending that the producers had planned for President Frank Underwood. there are potentially huge spoilers for the actual ending of the show, so if you haven't watched that, and I suggest you turn off now. but everyone else, I'm definition. and let's get into the original house of cards ending. at the end of season 5, Claire underwood, Frank's wife, appeared to cut all ties with her husband. after Frank was killed under suspicious circumstances, Claire became and stated as the president and the main character of the show. Frank's absence didn't mean that he was forgotten, however, and his ghost loomed heavily over season six, with the main mystery being that of who killed him. eventually we learned that his close aide Doug, was responsible for Frank's downfall after he gave the president an overdose on medication. but the original ending was slightly different. well, Joe recently reported that the final season of the show was supposed to center around Frank and Claire's bare Debo's bowel. something this scandalous in politics would add a lot of weight to the drama and give fans decide to choose between. Frank would go to the Shepherds for help, while de Clare would go her own way, as the infamous family held no sway over the right has confirmed that Frank would have died either way, with the original plans being the Claire would snuff Frank out with the pillow and make it appear to be a death of natural causes. the poisoning idea - originally popped up. and this is the only aspect that remains from the show's original planned ending. at the end of season six, Claire was still destined to become the president, and the show would come to the same conclusion, just the journey would be different. so what do you think of house of cards original ending? you prefer the one we got? and are you glad that Kevin Spacey was an axe from the show? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please check out my breakdown of the recent zombie horror flick Overlord, this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 