listen, a lot of people have been hyping up the spider-man movie as if Miles Morales himself saved them from a bank robbery. they were the franchise so full of reboots and one of the most iconic characters. there's MonaVie critics. there's those of little faith who don't like Tobey for some reason. everyone but like three people like Garfield's movies. and my boys, Brown table and high top, have got great videos on why homecoming did it feel so good. but everyone seems to be agreeing with this one. it's getting Oscar buzz. they released it before he was even meant to be released. and everyone, including my dad, keeps calling me up saying, dude, have you seen the new spider-man movie? and I'm over you're like, dad, but to me, it can't be that easy to the throne a quote unquote masterpiece, right? we can't be like IGN who announces the best game of the decade every time a new dlc is released. there's gotta be stuff that withstands the hype like it varies for people, of course. but when I say that spider-man 2 is one of the greatest superhero movies. I mean, it it isn't meant to be a part of a consensus or because of a bias. I'm not gonna change my mind just because it becomes the cool thing to hate on. it to me, spider-man 2 still is the greatest spider-man movie out there, but hot damned, this one come close. let me explain. I'll start off by shouting out General Mills, who we were able to partner up with for a spider\xc3\xads video where we broke down all the timelines. they taught me how to say the word flip, and boosted your boy from the alley brain to the real Cinnamon Toast Crunch. so momma. we mean, however, this video right here, and everything on this channel is pure ellamy. so let me elaborate on this movie a little further. obviously, we're dealing with a lot of universes here, but what's cool about it is how they pay homage to the best spider-man series out there. considering that Lord and Miller were behind this, it's kind of dope to see how they've dipped into Marvel and DC. and I've kind of dissected their most iconic characters better than Marvel and DC. like they show you the spider-man from our world, who threw away his shot with MJ cuz he couldn't commit to kids. he's eating more pizza than the Ninja Turtles cuz he's depressed, crying himself to bed, looking like a father of four with no kids. he's pretty much become this broken hero who's trudging along moping in his own sorrow. and it's interesting how a lot of people have really seemed to connect with that, the aspect of a broken hero who sets himself up to be redeemed. which is weird, cuz y'all weren't messing with these other one day, Wilson Fisk, from another dimension, looking like a Minecraft character, decides to build his Hadron Collider that allows him to dip into other universes to get back something that was taken from him. but since daredevil was cancelled in every timeline, he settles it retrieving the family he lost instead. but love, love is the perfect prison. that's where Miles Morales comes in, who's getting used to his new school. and let me give props this character right here. you know, I've always been very against properties just giving hand-me-downs and calling that diversity. you know, they just swap out a character that's been around for like, 50-plus years. and instead of creating an original character that can stand their own, they just give them, like I said, their hand-me-downs to a character that's already established. Miles Morales, isn't that? that's why I've always been a fan of mouths and Bama and beyond, because Peter Parker and Bruce Wayne still exists in those universes. they're just the next to take the mantle, and they do it in their own way. so for those complaining that it's ruining the spider-man, you know when it's not. but there's like 40 Peter Parker series on the shows right now. there's two Peter Parker's in this movie. he ain't goin nowhere. but I love all miles was pretty much a reverse Peter Parker, where his uncle ends up being a villain known as the Prowler who sacrifices himself. and that kind of becomes the thing that pushes Mouse forward, the same way that Ben's death did for Peter. and it smiles whole perspective as well. like Peter will go to a cafe, while Mouse goes to a bodega. Peters soundtrack, back in the day, was honed by Nickelback in some 41, while the new ones got ski mask. vince post Malone, black post Malone. and it's even things like miles shoes that are referenced multiple times throughout the movie, things that I know some people aren't gonna see is a big deal though. they'll think it's corny to put so much attention on shoes, but that's probably cuz they're sporting the Evan Hanson sevens. these things do matter, obviously. he ends up getting bit by a spider and starts sticking to everything, which first he thinks it's just because he's a team but then he realized he's freaking spider-man. that's when the og Peter Parker comes to this dimension and realizes that things are a bit different. like, instead of kinky boots, it's kinky heels. snapchat is Picabo. there's from dusk till Sean Blue Man Group at their Red Planet angle would instead of Hollywood, a remix of star boy and coloring book. and scariest of them all, Stefan Curry playing golf. and, well, it took me a while to realize who actually voiced by term an ad. hey, listen up. this part is your universe, saga. it's weird, it's gross. and this delicious, normal fry is my universe. duh. new girl, zoey is so talented. Peter then shows miles the ways of the TWiT as they try to stop Wilson Fisk. but the thing is, Peters so fat, yes, to wear sweatpants like Regina George. so a mouse ends up having these Randell powers and can static shock people. Peter struggling to put steps in on his Fitbit. they'd upcoming across the scientists who built the Hadron Collider using the divination spell she didn't teach Harry. but then we realized that she's this dimensions Doc Ock. they escape and end up running into four of the spider people in order for Sony to flex her animation skills. their spider Gwen, who I thought was pretty cool, even though they could have gone a little bit deeper, and how she had to put down her own Peter Parker because he ended up becoming a villain in her dimension. and she kinda has those Natalie Dormer vibes going. Nick Cage, who's voicing spider-man noir, who I thought wasn't funniest of the group. big hero, penny who, but that was fine. and Peter Parker, who had the best closing quote out of the mall, even though the rest of the time that he was on screen he just reminded me of Wilbur from Famous Dave's. but together, they gotta find a way to go back home, since they're all glitching more than Penelope. and even though the MCU has been trying to push this whole Stark Parker, father-son relationship, because we know Tony's bound to have a kid soon and retired to be a dad, Sony beat him to it, I was actually really surprised how well that theme of fatherhood was executed. like there's uncle Aaron, who not only teaches them how to talk to girls, but gives them the finishing punch to say the day, his own dad, who recognizes the disconnect that he not only had with his son, but was protecting the city. and of course, Peter, who wasn't ready for kids taking mouths under his wing, and realizing that with his great power and MJ, he can take on that great responsibility. thinking I've checked out this video, I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comments section. I'm pretty sure most of you have seen this movie. like I said, as I mentioned them in the beginning, highly recommend Brown tables video and high-tops video. hi-top, he's a spider-man freak, so there's a bunch of videos you can check out on his and Brown tables has been blowing up recently because of the way that he covered CGI. and he gets a really good points for it. so definitely check out both other stuff. it's real good. in terms of this movie, though, I do think it lives up to the hype. I'm not saying his better than spider-man, - my opinion, is still tied in second place with spider-man 1. there's a bunch of things that I do like about this movie. the he took the bagel line, I think was one of the funniest lines that I've heard the entire year. the after credits with I think it was like a Latino spider-man voiced by Oscar Isaac that was great. I think if there was one thing that would make it like, solidified, not tied for second place, or maybe even would have pushed it over first, is if they would have really broken the fourth wall and gotten Tobey Maguire to voice a character. one of the things that I started thinking of, and then I realized, well, they can't do it, since they already did it for the lego movie, was, since they were going into different animations, and, you know, they were all kind of done differently. they were in different dimensions. why not have one that was live-action and then they go in there and they see the old Peter Parker. but I figured, I already did that. they're probably not gonna do it again. but if they had done that, or if they do it with the sequel that's already been greenlit, you know, then we're talking about something that may have to get replaced. and in terms of the ranks. but here's know your thoughts down below in the comments section. who are your favorite characters in this movie? what you're looking forward to any of all that, all that other stuff. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a slice of Joe's he stole a gas Pizza 