listen, if you thought god he was bad, well, the director of these decided to release this comic-book adaptation about the government's infiltrating our minds through a broadcast signal, and you got a zero percent. now I'm not saying around Tomatoes is to say all be all to everything. but they got that consensus down. obviously, Netflix counts of you nowadays, as long as there's electricity in your house. so it made it to the top ten, but I'm here to save you that two hours and thirty minutes. like I said, it's based on a comic by the guy who did deadly class, which got its own show. and he even wrote seven to Eternity, which I liked. but this ain't it, then, fast I have things. it is that. let me explain. so, according to the plot, in this not so distant future, the government knows the frequency in our brains that causes us to commit crimes, and they have this signal that would just turn it off. pretty much. this is the type of tech people on Facebook think 5g is going to be grandma's or main character, played by Edgar Ramirez, with such ease it's like he's playing him in his sleep. he's a criminal who does crime, but he never hit the big one, you know. he wants his biopic to be the score, but sadly, it's the last days of American crime. after his brother reportedly takes his life in prison, he sets off to pull one last heist before the frequency takes over. but this movie is so cringy with how edgy it tries to be before that she act. that's right. what can I get you? you want something? a drink? cocaine. we got some great cocaine. that's some gruesome - I deserve some there. villains are also so touchy. it's like they, it's like they played Skyfall for them on loop and said, do that. the way they have sex is so awkward, especially with the way it's film. like Liam got more thrusts in and taking three, well, they were just Shekhar Fitness, ok, loser. they then introduce Michael Pitt, who I really do like, is an actor. I think he's very good. but here boy looks like Jared Leto Joker after a shower. his name is Kevin cash, and he has a hacker girlfriend, who's actually the one gram just uploaded his hard drive into. I mean, he was behind yours. they end up working together since they want to literally pull the last crime on American soil before the API signal goes out and it's a reverse purge forever. so they set out to kill the head honcho. jack is weapons and bazooka the way out of there. their plan is to hack a tower to disable the signal for 30 minutes or less in order to pull off the heist. but the hacker just so happens to be working with the cops, so we get an extra 30 minutes up lie where she gets kidnapped, Graham gets cracked, beaten and tied as hush 2.0 tries to burn him alive before he realizes there's still an hour left in this movie. so I should never have called you a loser. the worst part about it is that I read the comic as well, just to see if it did anything. but it's no better than the movie. it's only three issues, and it shares a lot of the same problems that the movie has, which is the characters suck. so then you take a filmmaker who shoots on digital that works like their on film, and it explains a lot. it's like this man had a 32 gig card in the Alexa, considering he made no attempts to get better, takes Kevin, comes back, embodying his inner wizzo, and they pull off the heist. but then you get a flashback where Kevin was actually incarcerated, and he was forced to fight so they could test the frequency on them. but get this, they didn't tell us that he found a channel in his brain where they can't reach him. but the cops found him. hmm. Graham takes his red pill and charges with his girl for the border to Canada for an escape. but obviously he doesn't make it. they do. and then he reminds that sharlto copley was in this movie randomly playing a cop name. well, I was wondering if I could still put my name down for the implant. but he doesn't really do anything and in the movie. yet. see, my problem with it is that they never really take advantage of the story. and it's so long, the world makes no sense. because all they did was really just spike up crime by having literal, big-ass stopped clocks, letting people know how much time they had to lose. there's no deeper introspection on the testing done in prisons for profit, which they could've gone deeper in. it's a clear case of having an interesting premise that never gets explained because they'd rather focus on a cast of characters who are also about interesting. but again, it's just coming from the dude who changes last name because he was born 20 years after the bombing in Hiroshima, and was like, Megaton, that's the name. I want Rolla. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm Kirsten. are your thoughts down below in the comment section? definitely do not check out this movie. I'm curious to know if there is any other pics on Netflix that you would recommend, or any of the other streaming services. I've been working on a video for Watchmen, so that one got a lot deeper than I thought that it was going to be. but I'm very excited for that one with a bunch of other videos that are coming out. but let me know of any of your thoughts. if you haven't seen we've been doing these Monday live streams as well to kind of catch up on letterbox for the stuff that we've been watching many times. we can't do a full LME on them, but I figured, you know, with the money line streams, we'd be able to catch up on some of the stuff have, like a Q&amp;A and things. but, yeah, let me know any of the other stuff that you have. yes, this was a really crappy movie. I have nothing to say in the outro that. that's how upsetting this one was. but I sat through it so you don't have to. and, yeah, that's it. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. I didn't really see the point because I didn't know anything about the story. and [Music] 