[Music]. in 1995, russian undercover agents, super soldier alexey shostakov and black widow molina vostikov, pose as a normal family in ohio with their surrogate daughters, natasha romanov and elena balova. when the mission to steal shield intel is complete, the family escapes to cuba and rendezvous with their boss, general dracov, who has natasha and elena taken to the red room for training. years pass and alexi is imprisoned in russia, while natasha defects to shield after bombing dracov's budapest office, apparently killing him and his young daughter antonia. in 2016, romanov is a fugitive for violating the sokovia accords. during the events of captain america civil war. she escapes from u.s secretary of state thaddeus ross and flees to a safe house in norway supplied by rick mason. meanwhile, elena kills a rogue former black widow, but comes in contact with a synthetic gas that neutralizes the red room's chemical mind control agent. yelena sends the antidote to natasha, hoping that she will return to help yelena free the other widows. when natasha unknowingly drives off with the antidote, she is attacked by taskmaster who is after it. natasha manages to escape taskmaster and realizes that the antidote came from elena. the two reunite in budapest, where natasha learns dracov is alive and the red room is still active. shortly after, they are attacked by black widows, and natasha and elena evade the widows and taskmaster before meeting mason, who supplies them with a helicopter. natasha and elena break alexi out of prison to learn draco's location. he tells them to speak with molina, who lives on a farm outside st. petersburg, where she developed the chemical mind control process used on the widows there. yelena reveals that while they were not a real family, she believed that they were. melina admits she sent their location to drakov, whose agents arrive and take them to the red room, which is revealed to be an aerial facility. molina and natasha use face mask technology to switch places before being captured, allowing molina to free alexi and elena from their restraints. meanwhile, natasha confronts dracov, who sees through her disguise. natasha learns taskmaster is drakov's daughter, antonia, who suffered damage so severe that drakov had to put a chip in her head, turning her into the perfect soldier, capable of mimicking the actions of anyone she sees, including several avengers. natasha attempts to kill drakov, but fails to harm him due to a pheromone lock installed in every widow. drakov reveals that he controls widows worldwide via his desk console. natasha intentionally breaks her nose, severing a nerve in her nasal passage to negate the pheromone and then is able to attack dracov. alexi battles taskmaster, while molina takes out one of the facility's engines, and yelena searches for the other widows who are sent to protect drakov. together, alexi and elena lock taskmaster in a cell. drakov escapes as the widows attack natasha, but yelena creates an antidote bomb that releases the widows from the mind control. natasha gets into the control desk and copies the location of the other widows worldwide. as the facility begins to explode and fall, natasha retrieves the two surviving vials of the antidote and frees taskmaster from the locked cell. molina and alexi escape via a plane just as elena takes out drakov's helicopter, killing him. natasha gives yelena a parachute before battling taskmaster in freefall. after landing, natasha uses the antidote on taskmaster, freeing her from servitude. the freed widows arrive. as yelena, molina and alexi say goodbye to natasha. she gives yelena the last antidote vial and the portable drive, telling her to find and free the other widows that are still mind controlled. as they leave with antonia, natasha awaits ross and his men, who have arrived to apprehend her. two weeks later, natasha reunites with mason, who supplies her with a quinjet. she leaves in it, intending to free the imprisoned avengers. in a post-credits scene set after natasha's death. in avengers end game, yelena encounters contessa valentina allegra de fontaine. at natasha's grave. valentina assigns clint barton, whom she claims is responsible for natasha's death, as yelena's next target 