hi, what's up guys. Today I\'m gonna show you a sci-fi film, the "Reign of Fire". David comes to visit his mother, who's an engineer in charge of the construction on the London underground. workers happen to penetrate a cave, which arises David's attention out of curiosity. he then slips into the cave for more exploration, but finds nothing except some kind of horrible creature. he rushes to inform all others out of the danger, but it's too late. the creature has been wakened up from hibernation. it come following the tunnel with burning flames blown out of its mouth. the mother is freaked out and wanna take David out to the ground from a lift. but soon she is cut dead by the sharp crawl of a fire dragon, following tightly behind, before it flies out of the underground. still under the panic, David finds his mother has been killed protecting him. David is the only survivor who saw the fire dragon. many years that follow, he keeps tracking the movement of these creatures. scientists believe that it's the fire dragon who has ever burned dinosaurs on Earth to extinction. and after that, they all go into hibernation underground to avoid starvation. since they've awakened right now, they mass reproduce and will destroy the whole world. again, the mankind's resistance, including the nuclear weapons, only turns out to hasten the destruction of human societies, which are nearly extinct by 2020. with many years' experience gained from fighting against the fire dragons, David turns an abandoned castle into a shelter for the remaining survivors. some day, a man can't wait any longer to find some food outside for his starving children. the man disobeys the order and heads out privately. but he is caught up by the fire dragon and gets his one child killed. David shows up with a fire-proof truck for their protection, but on their way back, they're stopped and attacked by the fire dragon and get another guy killed before they're all retreated safe back into the shelter. still under the frustration, people in the shelter are visited by some unexpected guests. the Chief requests David to offer one night stay in the shelter for his squad, who has come all the way from the US and lost more than a hundred of the team member. David wanna turn down the chief's request, until he realize the Chief is a real dragon hunter and knows the weakness of the fire dragons. what's more, the squad even get their own tanks and helicopters for hunting the dragons. at that right time, they're alerted by the dragon's coming attack. the Chief dispatch his team out immediately to get ready for the attack. the helicopter flies up high in the air for surveillance, while the motor men set up some kind of devices on the ground for position purpose. after all's set some men on the helicopter jump down first to attract the dragons' attention, while the other two jump down later, intending to shoot nets at the dragons and trap them. but due to the low visibility, they misses the fire dragons. what's worse, one man hits the ground badly due to high speed, and another man turns to be the prey of the dragon. when knowing David is standing close to the dragons, the Chief orders him to play the bait in order to lead dragons into the trap. David follows the instruction and rides the horse over a slope. it turns out a dragon following tightly behind, is shot dead by somebody waiting there. people in the shelter are all encouraged and cheering up for the hunting. the Chief, who's lost another three members in this battle, can't accept people's compliment. but rather, he turns to mock at people's helpless David stops the Chief for the reason they come to England. he is told the team has hunted hundreds of fire dragons, but only find that they are all female dragons. that would mean there's only one male dragon in their species. they get to hunt the male dragon down to make peace once for all. right, now they've tracked down the only one male dragon located in London. despite this, David refuses their request for more soldiers and supplies for the team, and wanna evict them out of the shelter. from the reasons given by David, the Chief knows that David has actually met with the male dragon during that disaster which killed his mother. however, the Chief does't wanna give up. he even plans to hire some soldiers from the crowd, which anger David greatly. David gets into a fight with the Chief. at last, the Chief gets no choice but to leave with his remaining guys. after one day's progressing, the team finally makes it to the suburb area of London to which all of the entries are blocked up. they send the girl out to look for another way. but right at that time, the male dragon shows up in the far end of the city with its red flames blown out and shinning the night sky bright. with no time to find cover, the Chief keeps shooting at the coming dragon, but he is turned down by the hot waves. do does the whole team, whose bullet rain seems to pose no threats on the burning dragon. by the time the girl comes back, she only finds that the whole team is gone, with nothing left. the Chief is lucky enough to survive the attack on the other side. rather than flying back to its base, the male dragon keeps heading towards David's shelter and sets the castle into big fires. people are relocated to a safe house. right when David's friend is about to relocate more people inside, the dragon launches its attack at the safe house. the friend chooses to sacrifice himself by closing up the door from outside. the second day, David is wakened up by the Chief and the girl. by the time they go out from the safe house, they only see everything is burned into pieces. finding nowhere to retreat, David decides to go alone with the Chief and the girl along the Times, Rive all the way up to London city, which has turned to be the reproduction base of the dragons. thanks to his familiarity with the London city, David follows the tunnel route and leads the Chief to the square where the male dragon is supposed to inhabit. right after they set up a plan for the attack. the male dragon flies back, roaring over the sky. the girl plays the bait to attract its attention. the male dragon approaches the girl and is about to blow out its flames at her, but right then the Chief shows up and shoots it with a gunpowder arrow, which injures the dragon and makes it to plunge towards the Chief, who takes his last courage to face the death. David meets up with the girl and wanna revenge against the dragon with gunpowder arrows. while David is preparing for the arrow, the male dragon locates him and is about to attack. luckily, under the cover from the girl who's rushing out with machine gun. David takes the only chance to shoot the gunpowder arrow into its open mouth, which blows up the male dragon. finally, in the following months, there are no more dragon attacks. after death of the male dragon, David regains his control of fears from the courages shown by the Chief, while the lucky survivors are all gathering up for the rebuild of their civilization from the ruins. This's Daniel CC movie review. Please comment below, thumbs up and subscribe to my channel. See U next time with more fancy movies!. 