Poehler is the Netflix adaptation of the action while graphic novel of the same name. this recent release to the platform has a lot to unpack from it. and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the film and its ending. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything about the movie, and I highly suggest that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I watch it so you don't have to. we follow Duncan vislar, the world's top assassin, who has been forced into a reluctant retirement due to his age. bit slur, also known as the black Kaiser, seems to be settling into this new lifestyle, however, after his former employee, Damocles, mocks him as a liability, he finds himself having to fight for his survival against a new generation of trained killers. in the first of many John wick comparisons, bezler gets a dog, but unlike wick, he is the one who kills it when he accidentally should set due to a nightmare brought on by his PTSD. this kind of sets the tone for the movie, which is sort of a cross between smokin aces and lucky number Slevin, due to his isolation and solitude, vizla is tempted with another job, which involves assassinating a high-value target. mr. blue, played by Matt Lucas, in one of the worst weeks of his career, has organized this hit himself in order to put bass lab a kin there crosshairs so he can save himself, having to pay vislar a retirement fee and allowing their pension to return to the company. this the carries out the hit on the target, and it will pretty much leave any guy grabbing their balls in pain. at this location, though, Kaiser discovers that someone has set him up and returns to his home where he is introduced to Camille, and played by Vanessa Hudgens. like this let, Camille is a loner, and the two characters find some common ground with one of them. in the meantime, at the hired assassins on business tail are slowly moving through all of the properties he owns, killing the tenants and tracking him down. this is when the movie goes crazy with over-the-top violence. gore teaching kids how to use knives. french fries and the recounting of kaisers past. he buys Vanessa a gun and takes it up to her Lodge, which I'm pretty sure is that one that was in The Handmaid's Tale. bit of trivia for you there, guys. anyway, he tries to teacher how to shoot, but she can't bring herself to do it. and Camille recounts the time that she was raped at work by a colleague, which is why she has removed herself from society. she also confesses that she would love to get revenge on her rapist and murder him, something which ties into the ending. by this point, booth assassins have tracked down Bislett and sending their best female to have sex with him as Lodge make sure your parents are out of the room for that scene, kids. anyway, Bislett is, of course, aware of this, being the creepy old man with the moustache that years and he stops their ambush, probably still with a boner. don't worry, biz we know it was cold outside. anyway, he takes down the assassins and discovers that Camille is missing. then learns about the pension plans and is captured by one of glutes, assassins his lair, is chained up, tortured for days and loses his eye in what ends up being like a scene from Metal Gear. Solid Snake Eater. vizla manages to escape, however, by pulling out a knife shot that was embedded in him. and goes into Solid Snake mode even further, taking down blitz gods and making a Wolverine escape from alkali lake look like a walk in the park. as blue still has Camille, abyss la offers a trade for himself in exchange for her life, but this doesn't go down too well. business up with a former contact and pretty much get his own high-tech army of guns and ammo with some amazing hand cannons that look like they were ripped straight out of thor ragnarok. there's mows down most of the people that get in his way on his journey to big bad, bald bad-boy blue, to who he beheads in a hilarious scene. vislar returns home with Camille, which is when he discovers an orgy of evidence that reveals that Camille's rape story was, in fact, a lie, and that he was actually the assassin that murdered her entire family in front of her as a child, something that we saw in a flashback. Camille reveals that she's been tracking him down for her entire life. as she pulls a gun on the character and confesses how much he has become her obsession. this tries to reason with her that it was a mistake due to bad information, and out of guilt, he has been donating amounts to a charity that has helped Camille through the years. Camille is unable to kill vizla, though, and the two agreed to track down the man who originally put out the hit your father together, which brings the movie to a close. so what are your thoughts on polar? did you enjoy it? and do you feel that lived up to the hype? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, please like it, and make sure you check out my review on the film, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you [Music] 