Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain a comedy, horror, and mystery film called "Vivarium." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. Gemma works as a kindergarten teacher at a small school. After her classes, she joins her boyfriend, Tom, who works as the school groundskeeper. The couple is currently looking for a new home, planning to start a family. So they head to a small office for Yonder, a new real estate company. The couple enters, and a man welcomes them, introducing himself as Martin. Martin begins by telling them about a subdivision, Yonder, and how it'd be perfect for young couples looking for a new home. Tom and Gemma notice Martin is a little eccentric, talking and behaving strangely, but they continue to listen to him. Martin invites them to Yonder, but they are hesitant. Gemma says they're not looking for a suburban home, but Martin insists that the low prices attract more people, telling Tom and Gemma that the houses could run out soon. Finally, Gemma decides a quick look wouldn't hurt, and they agree to follow Martin. They drive for a while before arriving at Yonder. Yonder is filled with rows upon rows of houses, all indistinguishable from each other. They stop at house 9, and Martin shows them inside. They go through the rooms, and Martin offers drinks and a snack, but the couple rejects. They head upstairs, arriving at a nursery, and Martin asks if they have children. Gemma answers no, and Martin mimics what she said, even sounding and acting like her. They head to the backyard, but Martin disappears. Gemma and Tom step out and see Martin\xe2\x80\x99s car is gone. They take it as a sign to leave, and they start driving out. They try to navigate through the endless houses but find that they keep returning to house 9. They try their cellphones and see they have no reception. They keep driving for several more hours but somehow always end up at house 9. Night comes, and their car runs out of gas. They coincidentally end up at house 9. Hungry and cold, they decide to head into the house. They eat the food Martin had offered them earlier and discover the food has no taste. The following day, Tom decides to climb the roof, hoping to see which direction they should head in. He's dismayed to see the houses in Yonder stretch out into the horizon. Tom suggests they follow the setting sun and maintain that direction until they reach the edge. They start walking, jumping over hedges, and climbing fences, making sure they keep their bearing. After several hours, the two are exhausted and find a house with lights on. They enter and see they're once again back at house 9. Gemma finds a box full of food and supplies in front of the house, and she starts calling out to whoever delivered it. Tom dumps the box's contents and uses it to set fire to the house. Tom hopes the fire and smoke would alert nearby authorities, thinking the fire department would come. They sleep at the curb and wake up the following day to another box. Gemma opens it and finds an infant boy. House 9 remains standing, unaffected by the fire. Time passes, and the infant appears to have aged ten years. Tom and Gemma wake up to the child waiting for them. The kid then starts talking, seemingly mimicking things Tom and Gemma had said. The child then demands Gemma to measure his height. It\xe2\x80\x99s revealed that the kid is only three months old. He then starts screaming, and Tom and Gemma rush to give him breakfast. The couple joins him, and they eat in silence. Tom places their leftover food along with all the trash in a box and brings it outside. Tom and Gemma then sit on the lawn, waiting for whoever picks up their trash to show up. Gemma says their wait is futile as the garbage never gets collected if they watch. Gemma observes that the boy always watches them, and Tom corrects her, saying the creature is not human. Tom then lights a cigarette, smokes it, and drops it on the grass, but the grass opens up, revealing the dirt. Tom strikes the ground with a pickaxe and peels layers off. He gets more equipment, and he and Gemma start digging. Gemma checks the box full of trash and sees it has vanished. She asks the boy if he took the box, but he remains quiet. She tries to tell Tom, but Tom ignores her, asking Gemma to leave him alone and let him dig. Later that night, the couple gets intimate in bed, and the boy watches them in secret. The following day, Tom continues digging and has produced a sizable mound of dirt on the yard. Gemma is stuck inside doing the laundry, and the boy turns on the T.V., mesmerized, watching a strange feed showing squiggly lines on the screen. Tom keeps digging into the night and joins Gemma inside his car. Tom says he likes staying in the car as it has an odor. Unlike everything else in Yonder, the car is the only thing that feels real to him. Gemma agrees, saying she likes staying in the car to breathe it in. Tom accidentally hits the car radio, and it turns on. The two are shocked to discover it is still working. They step out and start dancing, appearing happy for the first time in a while. The boy watches them and eventually joins in, dancing. He gets in the middle and trips Tom. Tom falls and hits his head on the curb. Angered, he picks up the boy and slams him onto the asphalt. Gemma checks to see if the boy is alright, and he appears unharmed, smiling. Gemma is concerned about the boy, but the boy gets back up and continues dancing. Later, Gemma is tucking the boy into bed. She tells him that he has to understand that she and Tom can't be with him at all times, trying to explain to the boy why they prefer being away from him. The boy nods and says goodnight, calling Gemma his mother. Gemma corrects him, saying she's not his mother. The boy then starts screaming, and Gemma orders the kid to stop, saying they've done everything he wanted. Gemma asks what he wants, and the boy begs her to be his mother. Gemma is disgusted, shouting at the boy and leaving him. She then heads to bed and initiates intimacy with Tom, but Tom doesn't respond. Instead, he apologizes, saying he's not in the mood. The following day, the boy walks in and wakes Tom and Gemma up with screaming. They then head to breakfast, and Gemma asks Tom what he'll be doing for the day. She asks if he'll continue digging and Tom nods. Gemma tries asking more questions, but Tom doesn't appear to be in a conversing mood. Tom continues digging in the hole until he hears a strange sound coming from deeper underground. Later at night, Tom is awakened, hearing the strange sound again. He rushes to the living room and finds the peculiar sound coming from the T.V. that the boy is watching. Tom turns the T.V. off, but the boy turns it back on. Gemma then turns it off, reprimanding the boy, but the boy continues watching. Finally, they give up and leave him. The following day, the boy is screaming again, waiting to be served breakfast. Tom finally snaps and picks the boy up. He locks the boy in his car, intending to starve him. Gemma protests, but Tom holds her back. Tom drags Gemma inside, pinning her to the floor. He tries to talk sense into her, telling her the boy controls her, making her act as the boy's mother. Finally, Tom lets Gemma go and tells her he will no longer allow her to help the boy. He argues that whoever gave them the boy would have to intervene to stop the boy from starving to death. Gemma then asks if they\xe2\x80\x99re going to stand by and watch the boy die, and Tom corrects her, telling her the child is not a boy, nor is it human, asking her to stop referring to it as such. Gemma then takes the car keys and retrieves the boy. She apologizes to the child, saying Tom wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t hurt him. Tom looks on, menacingly, at the boy and Gemma. Tom continues digging at night, coughing and heaving. He tries to communicate with the voices he hears from underground, shouting, asking if the voices can hear him. Inside the house, Gemma chats with the boy, explaining to him what dreams are. She then sleeps next to him. Tom wakes up the following morning after sleeping in the hole. He enters the house coughing. He runs into Gemma and the boy, who are on their way out but say nothing. Tom then eats breakfast in silence. Gemma and the boy are lying in a field, having a picnic. Gemma points to a cloud and asks what the boy thinks the cloud is in the shape of. He answers that it\xe2\x80\x99s in the form of a cloud. She points to another one, and the boy tells her the same. Gemma tells the boy that the clouds outside of Yonder come in different shapes and sizes. All clouds in Yonder are shaped perfectly to look like clouds. Gemma lays in bed at night, sobbing, while Tom remains outside in the cold, sleeping in his hole. The following day, Gemma notices that the boy had gone missing. So she starts looking for him, walking through the neighborhoods. She arrives back at the house by late afternoon and sees the boy standing by the hole. She runs to him and asks him where he\xe2\x80\x99s been all day, but the boy doesn\xe2\x80\x99t answer and instead hands Gemma a book. Gemma looks through the book and finds it full of strange and alien symbols. The book appears to be an informative research book that seems to have been written by someone or something studying humans. It has illustrations and diagrams about humans and how humanity lives and reproduces. Tom refuses to sleep in the house and decides to keep sleeping in the hole. Unfortunately, this has led to him developing a coughing fit. So he remains outside in the cold even though he's visibly in a lot of discomforts. Gemma talks to the boy and asks him where he\xe2\x80\x99s been. The boy says he\xe2\x80\x99s met someone but is not allowed to say who or what it was. Gemma then invites the boy to play pretend. She asks him to act as Tom, and the boy complies, mimicking Tom\xe2\x80\x99s voice and saying things Tom has said in the past. Gemma then asks the boy to pretend to be her, and the boy does the same thing. Finally, she asks the boy to act like the person he met when he disappeared, and the boy starts growling. Two lumps appear on the boy\xe2\x80\x99s throat, and he produces an ungodly screeching sound. Gemma reels back, terrified of the creature talking to her. She starts crying, saying she wants to go home, and the boy smiles, telling her she\xe2\x80\x99s already home. More time passes, and the child has grown into a man. Gemma serves him dinner, and the man asks why Gemma is still polite to him. He asks if she's afraid of him, and Gemma says she's unsure. She then takes food to Tom, who's staying in their bedroom, barring the door. They eat in the bedroom, and Gemma tells Tom she regrets not allowing Tom to kill the man when he was young. After their meal, Gemma takes Tom to the bathroom and cleans him. Tom's body is marked with bruises, and he is noticeably having trouble walking. Later that afternoon, Gemma prepares to head out, planning on following the man. The man walks through Yonder, and Gemma tries her best to follow him, but it seems that the man disappears and reappears all over the neighborhoods, so Gemma cannot keep up with him. That night, a weak Tom continues digging. He finally strikes something and digs it out excitedly. He succeeds and discovers that it\xe2\x80\x99s a bag with a body inside. He rushes to climb out of the hole, terrified. Meanwhile, Gemma is having trouble finding her way back. Tom calls out to her, and she calls back. She runs, following the sound of Tom\xe2\x80\x99s voice. Tom collapses to the sidewalk, unable to shout, and Gemma finally arrives, discovering Tom suffering on the ground. She carries Tom back to the house, but the door is locked. She tries knocking, demanding the man to let them in, but the man ignores her. She brings Tom to the car, and they sleep inside it. The man leaves the house the following day, and Gemma asks for his help as Tom gets sicker. The man smiles and tells her he thinks the time has come to release Tom. He leaves them, and Gemma cradles Tom in her arms on the sidewalk. They reminisce, talking about the night they first met and how Tom ended up waking up in Gemma's apartment the morning after. Tom says he felt like he was at home in Gemma's apartment when he laid eyes on her. Tom then closes his eyes and stops breathing. The man returns carrying a box, and Gemma opens it to find a body bag for Tom. She starts crying and sobbing, and the man mimics her. The man then places Tom in the body bag and throws him down the hole Tom had dug. Gemma awakens the following morning, waiting for the man to leave the house. As the man leaves, Gemma walks up behind him with a pickaxe. She tries to strike the man, but the man manages to dodge, snarling at her. The man starts crawling towards the sidewalk, grabbing it and lifting it. He crawls underneath the sidewalk, but Gemma manages to follow him inside. Gemma drops in and finds herself in a strange red-tinted living room. She finds a young boy watching television but sees that it's a different boy. She goes to the kitchen and finds a woman sobbing. The floor opens up, swallowing Gemma, and she drops into a bedroom where a couple is having intercourse. A man is with them, applauding. Gemma again sinks into the floor and finds herself in a bathroom, where she discovers a dead man in the tub. She slips into the floor again and finds herself back at house 9. She falls to the ground, defeated. She then asks the man what Yonder is and why this is happening to them. The man doesn\xe2\x80\x99t answer but tells Gemma she is a mother, and her only purpose now is to die. The man places her in a body bag, and Gemma says all she and Tom ever wanted was a home. The man laughs once again, telling her she\xe2\x80\x99s already home. As the man zips up the bag, Gemma lets out one final remark, telling the man that she is not his mother. The man then drags Gemma down the stairs before throwing her into the hole with Tom. He covers up the hole, gets Tom\xe2\x80\x99s car, and drives out of Yonder. He arrives back in town to Yonder\xe2\x80\x99s small office and finds Martin waiting for him. Martin has aged dramatically, barely able to move. Martin hands the man his nametag, and the man gets a body bag from a drawer and places Martin inside. The man then folds up the body bag with Martin inside, and it crunches up, fitting into a drawer. The man then sits at the desk, waiting for another hopeful couple, eager to take them to Yonder. 