[Music]. three little boys came to the end of the rainbow, found a iridescent stone. pick up curls and put them to your ears. i heard the stone tell him to make a wish. so he wanted countless chocolate bars. then the stone shines, then the chocolate bars don't pour out of my pocket. curly makes a wish for a castle. as a result, a castle really rose on the ground. at the same time, he also wished to have the protection of the canyon and crocodiles. at this time, all three of them were rushing to genuine accidentally, the stone fell under the canyon. the three brothers found it at the bottom of the valley. just when curly is almost in hand, it turned out to be a crocodile in the water. the stone is also incense. in order to get the stone back, curly rushed over, plunge one head into the crocodile's mouth, jumped out. the next second, while still having fun with homework for the crocodile, a fish behind a crocodile crawled out from behind. then the crocodile stood up. it turns out that the crocodile may have a wish. the crocodile kept chasing them behind, finally drive them to desperation. curly makes a wish to save them and leave. as a result, a pterosaur saved them. the pterodactyl brought them back to the castle. but the crocodile also chased actually walking up to the castle, seeing the crocodile will reach the top right away. curly makes a wish to drive away the crocodile. all the crocodiles were bounced off in the next second. they just made a wish to read files again. but the pterosaur above is not happy. then curly makes a wish let all the previous wishes disappear. after the three brothers got home, brother thinks they are stupid. so curly picked up the wishing stone make one of them super smart. but they found nothing. changed my sister, who was suddenly less than one year old, talk to them through telepathy. sister became professor x. and they were surprised. and they feel that this stone is not very reliable. decided to throw away the stone. brother made a wish and turned into a stone grinding machine, put the stone on, threw it far away. the stone fell on a pile of sand. at this moment, my sister came over, said that they predicted that they would mess things up. how to brush your teeth with braces. first, pick up the special small toothbrush. clean up food residues on the braces. after cleaning the upper and lower teeth, just gargle and spit water and look in the mirror. this is not over yet. then pull out the floss. clean up again and again. finally, shu guo is completed. toby, who loves cleaning so much, but was bullied by the school at this time. the school bully picked up the fast-colored stones down the middle of toby's forehead. he fell from the tree. the school bully was so scared that he left quickly. toby woke up and found the stone in his hand is asking him to make a wish. so he made a wish to have some great friends. as a result, there were a few aliens in the sky. the alien accompanied him. when he got home, follow the cooking tutorial on tv. ran to the kitchen and picked up the knife. organized the version. greet toby to the table. plates of delicious food served up. toby had a nice meal. after eating, he cleaned up his messy room. even father came in and saw have to add his pocket money even more powerful and helped him remove the braces, fix the teeth. the next day, he combed his hair like an adult. let the alien take him to school. the generals all taught me a lesson the braces girl in the school, bully wants to teach him, but he was hugged and fell downstairs. as a result, both of them got a plaster cast. but the struggle is not over yet. braces girl puffs up bread with her feet. wolf, wolf throws to toby. at night, the mother came to see the sleeping sun, accidentally picked up the stone and put it in the wallet. toby found out and chased it out. the parents came to the company party, but my father just called mother casually said that they can get closer. as a result, lang shui instantly became a siamese. seeing the boss walk over and open the door, the two quickly hit a side. at this time, the braces girl found the purse on the ground. toby, who came with, wanted to take back the stone, but she was knocked down by the braces girl and was thrown into the trash by the school bully inadvertently braces girl holding a stone, turned her brother into a beetle and gave her father a horse monkey ear. then turned into a fire-breathing motorcycle. ran away with a rock, spark and lightning. but she accidentally overturned and fell into the toilet. was chased by toby and picked up. he made a wish to cancel all wishes. everyone is restored, in order not to let the stone harm others again. toby threw it out. just happened to be talked about by sister. toby. sister is my friend, north's tudor. north saw that the stone was very beautiful and asked for it. casually, talked about the package. i hope my father's experiment will be successful. then something strange happened. this booger has mutated. it grows slowly, turned into a monster as tall as a person. at this moment, toby and curly come over. when the three were fighting for the stone, accidentally flew the rock out, swallowed by booger. in the next second, face the booger. toby rushed over. straightforward, he wants to find national stone. he wants to look back. unexpectedly, i almost got rid of the booger. moment of crisis, north pulled out booger from his nose, threaten it not to let go, just eat its home. i didn't expect it to really work. it turns out that this island. it was also picked out by north before. fortunately, in the end, fortunately, north's father sucked the booger away with a vacuum gun, put it in a bottle. finally, toby picked up the rock and ran away. but now everyone knows the magic of the stone. everyone started to snatch frantically. i hope my arm gets longer. i hope to be invisible. but in the end, the stone was found by the brace's sister's father. he used stones to conjure a lot of horses. but he is not satisfied yet. he wants to become the most powerful thing in the world. as a result, he keeps attaching black patches. turned into a giant robot to stop my father's plan. brace's girl turned into a giant hornet. the school bully has also become a giant beetle, seeing no match for robots. toby also summons his alien friends, curly, also called the crocodile team over plus a giant human. but even so, they are not opponents of robots. at this time, sister knee deondian came over. stop the flying crocodile. also, stop the machine. sister told them, it's greed that makes the stone black. must destroy it now, otherwise it will destroy the world. my sister changed everyone back to their original state. at this time, north's father came up with the latest invention, apply mucus on your hands, then hand in hand, to focus energy. with everyone's efforts, the stone disappeared completely. back to the end of the rainbow. the children became good friends with each other. this is the end of the movie. i have to praise the director's brain power. the movie is not only funny and humorous, and it's more fantasy. if you like, you can go to see the original film. if i give you a wishing stone, what wish you want to make? 