welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going back to explore a haunted house with kevin bacon and david kepp, the writer and director of stir of echoes, with the 2020 film, you should have left to commit your soul to the devil in repentance for your sins and to spare your innocent family. subscribe to the channel. let's get to it. we open a strange man hobbling around a house. the thump, thump of his cane awakes ella, a precocious little girl, who immediately curses herself for leaving her door open like an amateur. but it's too late. the spooky creeper is now in her room. but then she wakes up, only to find him again and reveal this is actually her father, theo's nightmare. we learn from subsequent scenes that theo is in the process of healing via meditation, and that his wife, susanna, is an actress. we learn this when he's barred from entry to her closed set as she fakes an unnervingly familiar orgasm nearby, shattering the view he held of himself as a master coxman. theo leaves a message for her and is disturbed to see a hint of recognition in the pa's eye. so later, they agree to put all this nonsense behind them with a trip to wales for some secluded family time in between her projects. a quick online booking later, and they're soon driving through the countryside, narrowly avoiding other vehicles, and eventually arriving at their chateau. they get acclimated so we can get a feel for the house layout and be informed of how bad cell service is in the area, a necessity for proper horror. and then a quick discussion regarding the nature of death, before it becomes night time, where we get our first indications that things ain't right via shadows and then theo confirming loudly. and he doesn't like when people recognize him because it's always for negative reasons. then it's bedtime, so he goes on a voyage to close up shop, finding switches galore and always another room. when he finally returns to the bedroom, he's confused to find susannah sleeping deeply, but we see that he's been gone for about five hours. the next day, he wakes up late and gets in some hardcore journaling while the girls enjoy a nature walk it's here, through ella's astute questioning, we learn that people recognize theo due to the highly publicized death of his prior wife. foul play was suspected and he was convicted in the court of public opinion. when he's done journaling his brains out, he heads into town for a few staples the unusual shopkeep wonders if anything's happened at the house yet, and if he's met the owner, mr stetler. he's then given the gift of right angles on his way out, where he's confronted by another resident interested in how he came across the house. and if he's met mr stetler, he returns to learn the talk he's been preparing himself for has already happened without him, putting him in a fairly sour mood. the embers of this spat are fanned repeatedly over all kinds of inconsequential things, including the details of who sent whom the link to the booking for this accursed house on the edge of nowhere. that evening, during tubby time, theo assuages his lingering insecurities about susanna by inspecting all of her personal electronic devices, finding them all to be fully charged and in good working order. he proactively apologizes for his ill will toward her, which he considers sinful. so after a restless sleep, he gets back to daydreaming about murder and finds a curious note in his journal. he only dwells on this momentarily before there's a knock at a new door that opens to a space that seems architecturally impossible. as he ventures in, he finds the house of leaves has a bit of everything, polaroids of his family, unexplainable expanses, his dead daughter, and don't get me started on the nearly unwakeable nightmares. the next morning we learn they're all having nightmares and have developed a distaste for the house. so they prepare to leave. and right as theo's mental health reaches a high point, he texts susanna, only to discover that she has two phones. when confronted, she immediately fesses up to her infidelity. he insists she leave immediately, but without ella, because she's lost that privilege. you're not making the rules now. you broke the rules. there are no rules anymore. well, that's confusing. and he makes it clear he just needs a knight alone to think things through with his fragile, shattered mind while he does his best at single parenting. a water spill reveals another oddity of the floor plan. theo uses his right angle to determine that something is definitely wrong here, about something. they measure and find the inside of the room to be five feet longer than the outside, a unique feature of welsh architecture. ella goes inside to get her coat and disappears. and when theo goes to find her, he gets himself stuck in some sort of cycling floor plan. ella eventually finds a room that contains her father's sins and a creepy man. this sets her to screaming, which gives theo the connection he needs to break through to where she's at. and they resolve to not leave each other's company until mommy comes to pick them up. but she can't be reached, so this is a tentative plan. theo is able to use a landline to reach the general store, but the town isn't big enough to support any sort of public livery service, so instead of sending him a cab, the shopkeep tells a story about the devil building a tower to collect souls and how it may get knocked down, but he always rebuilds. ok, thank you. they opt to leave their crap behind and hoof it into town. as a figure watches them from the house. despite walking downhill the whole way on the one road into town, they find themselves back at the house. since it's too cold to stay outside, they're forced to spend the night. attracted by the sound of running water, theo puts a door between himself and ella, allowing the house to do its work. as he searches for her, he finds the tub and is accosted by the bather. he eventually breaks free and begins running through the house, finding himself emerging from doors and halls into random rooms and at random times, eventually meeting mr stetler. he attempts to compel him to let ella go, but he explains it's up to theo to let her go. as we learn about the sins of the father and whatnot, with this lesson well learned, they're reunited. recognizing he has to sever his attachment to his family to keep them from being anchored to him, he loads ella into the car and drives susanna away by admitting that he had an opportunity to save his prior wife, but he chose to do nothing. so he belongs at the place where he's at, and goes then to where he belongs. just a quick reminder that i've created a website that allows you to make donations to support the channel. any donation earns you a link to an uncensored, 10 minute video featuring toby hooper's life force. any additional support is greatly appreciated. as far as the movie is concerned, this one was pretty good. not as good as stir of echoes, but it's easy to appreciate what they were trying to do here. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 