[Music] in the Lego universe, the evil Lord business finds a super weapon called the kragle. the wizard Vitruvius attempts to stop him, but is blinded by Lord businesses robots. before Lord business leaves with the weapon, the trivias prophesies that someone called the special will find the piece of resistance, a brick, capable of stopping the kragle. eight and a half years later, in the city of bricksburg, ordinary construction worker, emmet brickowski, notices a mysterious woman searching for something at his construction site. when he investigates, Emmet falls into a hole and finds the piece of resistance. compelled to touch it, Emmet experiences vivid visions and passes out. he awakens with the piece of resistance attached to his back in the custody of good cop / bad cop, Lord business's lieutenant. the woman who introduces herself as wyldstyle, rescues Emmet, believing him to be the special, and takes him to meet Vitruvius in the Old West. Emmet learns wild style and Vitruvius are master builders, people capable of building anything from their imagination without the need of instructions who oppose Lord business. wyldstyle explains that Lord business wants to use the kragle, a tube of crazy glue with a worn down label, to freeze the world into perfection. though disappointed to find Emmet is not a master builder, wild style and Vitruvius are convinced of his potential when he recalls visions of a seemingly human deity referred to as the man upstairs. Emmet, wild style and Vitruvius evade bad cops forces with the aid of Batman wild styles boyfriend. they go to the hidden realm of cloud cuckoo-land to attend a Council of Master Builders, all of whom are unimpressed with Emmet and refuse to fight Lord business. bad cops forces invade cloud cuckoo-land, having placed a tracking device on Emmet, and capture everyone except Emmet, wyldstyle Batman Vitruvius and a small group of other Master Builders. and cloud cuckoo-land is destroyed. Emmet devises a plan to infiltrate Lord business's office tower and disarm the kragle. with help from princess unikitty and the pirate metal beard, the plan goes well at first, but the group ends up captured and imprisoned in the think tank where all the master-builders are forced to make instructions. Vitruvius resists, but his decapitated bed Lord business, who sets a self-destruct protocol and leaves everyone to die, including bad cop. as he dies, Vitruvius reveals he made up the prophecy. he soon reappears to Emmet as a ghost and reveals self belief is what makes one the special. strapped the self-destruct mechanisms battery, Emmet jumps into the abyss outside the tower and severs the connection, saving his friends. inspired by Emmet sacrifice, wyldstyle, rallies the Lego people across the universe to use whatever creativity they have to build machines and weapons to fight against Lord business's army of micromanagers. Emmet finds himself in the human world as a Lego minifigure, unable to move. the events of the story are being played out by a boy named Finn on his father's expansive Lego set in their basement. his father, the man upstairs, comes home from work and is horrified to see his son ruining his ideal set up by combining different playsets and ignoring the instructions. and immediately proceeds to undo Finn's changes and permanently glue the pieces together. realizing the danger his friends are in, and it wills himself to move and gains Finn's attention. Finn returns Emmet and the piece of resistance to the set where Emmet now possesses the powers of a master builder and confronts business in bricksburg. meanwhile, Finn's father looks at his sons creations and realizes Finn had based the villainous Lord business on him and his perfectionism. through a speech Emma gives Lord business, Finn's father comes to his senses and apologizes to his son, and the two unglue the constructions, which plays out as Lord business having a change of heart, capping the kragle and freeing his victims. Emmet is hailed as a hero and begins a romantic relationship with wild style, with Batman's blessing. Finn's father then allows Finn's younger sister to join them in playing with his LEGO sets as well, resulting in aliens from the planet Duplin beaming down to the Lego world and announcing their plans to destroy everyone you. [Music], 