hi, thriller recaps here. today i am going to explain a romantic and drama movie called fidelity. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. at the starting of the movie, we see lena and sergey, who were a married couple. they were talking with each other. after some time, sergei goes to sleep. he kisses lena and goes to the bed. leah wanted to stop him. at the morning, lena wants to have romance with sergey, but sergey was sleeping. but when he wakes up, he wasn't interested in lena. he puts his dress on and goes to work. lena also goes to the hospital because she was a doctor at the night. lina goes to a party, and she calls sergey to come with her. sergey was tired, so he says, i can't come. i'm going for sleep. then lean in doubt that sergei has an affair with someone, so he is not interested in her. after that, lena goes to a beach with a guy. they talk with each other, and after some time, the guy starts to kiss her. but lena stokes him, and she says, i don't want to do this over here. she asks him to go to a hotel. then that guy takes her to a hotel and he books a room. but that guy didn't have enough money, so he asked 200 from her. then they have sex over there. but lena was not satisfied with that guy. at morning, lena comes to the home where sergey was sleeping. lena start to do oral sex with him. sergei wakes up and says, what are you doing? lena replies in anger, i don't remember when we had sex last time. next day, lena follows sergey carr because she has doubt that sergei is cheating her. at the same time, she crashes with a car. then she goes to a garage to repair her car. she meets a guy over there. he offers lena to come with him. lena accept it. then she goes with him. they intimate in the car. then lena brings him to a beach. there, they have sex, and the police also arrive there. that man runs from there. then the police arrest lena for having sex on the beach. one day, lena meets a woman in the hospital. she introduces her husband to lena. he was the same guy from that garage. seeing him lena feels guilty and goes inside. but that guy comes to her cabin and force her. lena push him outside and starts crying. after some days, lena and sergey goes for a vacation. then a message comes to lina's phone, which was from the same guy. he had sent dirty pictures to her, and he tells her that he wants to have sex with her. when they both were in the beach, lena asks sergey that what has happened to their sex life and why don't he sex with her? sergey says that he feels weird having sex with her. he doesn't have interest in sex. lena asks, do you have a fair with somebody? sergey says, no. then leena starts crying, and sergey asks her, why are you crying? lena tells she thought that sergei had affair with someone else, so she had sex with many guys to take revenge from him. but that wasn't like that. sergei didn't had any affair. so she feels bad because she had cheated on him. then they come to the home, and sergey goes to the office. lena checks her phone, and there were many messages from that guy. then lena blocks him. when sergei comes back, he kisses lena and says, i love you. but now also nothing happens between them. and morning, lena goes to the market where she sees a man who was talking on the phone. lena goes to the same place where that man was, then she intimates with him. when lena arrives home, she was drunk. then she intimate with sergey too. next day, when lena goes to the hospital, that women had find out that lena had sex with her husband. then she slaps lena. lena reaches home at the night, then sergey openly asks her, did you have fun with that guy? sergei has find out everything. he asks everything in detail to her. he asks, did you take his sperm in lena replies, no, i didn't. we had used condom. then sergey tells lena to leave from there. at the night, lena stays in the hospital. sergei comes to the hospital in the morning, and he kisses lena and says, i love you to her. at the end, sergey asks lena, do you want to have sex with that man? once again, lena says, we will not talk about it from now. sergey says, it was not your fault. it's the human nature. and the movie ends here. you 