one stormy night, elementary school teacher anna had a terrible accident. a few hours later, her body was taken to the morgue and a man named elliot started dissecting her body. he took off anna's watch and shoes, then carefully cut her blouse and socks with scissors, cutting her red dress. anna suddenly opened her eyes. she asked calmly, where am i? elliott tells her that she is dead. hearing that, anna could not calm down. obviously she was still speaking. how could she be dead? elliot was not surprised at all. he took the out proof that anna was dead. anna was speechless. she was proven dead eight hours ago, but why is she still be able to talk now? elliot did not answer the question. he took the tools to continue with his work on anna's body. but anna kept babbling, asserting that she was not dead, even though that elliot was killing her. elliott turned off the lights and left the morgue in the dark. anna was still trying to remember whether she was alive or dead after all. suddenly she remembered a strange thing. yesterday afternoon, anna attended a funeral of an old man. she accidentally discovered the corpse in a coffin. lightly opened her mouth. she was startled with horror. anna looked more closely and saw that the corpse was normal. she thought she was hallucinating. at that time, elliott, beside her, silently realized something wasn't right. after the funeral, elliott began to watch over anna. he discovered that this girl was very angry. even a small thing like finding the car keys in her pocket also made her gone mad. that night, paul, anna's boyfriend, told her he was about to be sent abroad to work. did not wait for paul to finish speaking. anna said that he wanted to break up with her. angrily, yelled at him, drove out of the restaurant alone. on a very heavy rain, a white car overtook her. she drove to avoid it. when she hit a steel truck. when she woke up, she found herself in the morgue. in addition, elliott showed her that she was no longer living. now anna has no choice but to believe that she is dead. that afternoon, elliott went to the morgue continued to prepare to operate on her. anna still thought that elliot wanted to kill her. she begged elliot not to kill her. elliot said, you're dead. how can i kill you? he advised anna to accept the truth that death is undeniable. after that, elliott began to sow the laceration on her head, at which point anna learned that she could not feel the pain. she began to realize that she was truly dead already. after half an hour of sewing, elliott took out the needle, said that she wanted to inject anna with a drug to help to relax her muscles and prevent the corpse from hardening. anna gradually lost consciousness. her mother went to the morgue to look at her child's corpse with tears, not discovering any abnormality. when anna woke up, the room went dark again. she tried to catch her pulse, but could not feel anything, any beats. at that time, paul came. he could not believe that the person who's speaking with him last night, after one night, had lost her life. since he was not on the family, elliot refused to let him into the room. anna heard her boyfriend's voice. she started screaming in the morgue, but the outside could not hear anything. in the end, left. paul left with the only disappointment, a few minutes later, elliott returned to the morgue. anna asked why she didn't let her boyfriend in. elliot said, you're dead now. in other people's eyes, you're just a corpse. only i can see your soul. these words shocked anna. she began to doubt. how could elliott be able to see the world of yin and yang? paul still could not believe that his girlfriend was gone, until he went. so of the door. he lowered the room temperature, then calmly walked in. as he continues doing his thing, anna pulls out the scissors and stabs elliott. elliott dodges it. taking this opportunity, anna runs to the door, but the door is locked. ilit approached anna, pulling her hand to say she could stab her throat. anna gave up. she asked elliot, how could i still be able to talk if i'm dead? elliot said, you can speak, not because you are still alive, but because i have a special ability. those words made anna begin to accept that she probably really died. she began to blame her fate. she angrily smashed everything in the room. in the afternoon, when elliott was preparing a funeral for an old man. a boy came. his name is luke, and a student. luke thought that this was the funeral of his teacher, so he wanted to see her. elliot tells him that anna's funeral will be held on friday in the evening. when elliott prepares to go to the hospital to deliver the body. by that time, anna smoothly steals elliot's key at the gas station. elliot was about to pay before he found out he lost the keys. he immediately returned to the car. but now anna has escaped from the morgue when she tried to open the door of the house. when elliot returned in time, she rushed to the second floor. she went to elliott's office and used her phone to call paul. after listening, paul thought that someone was teasing him, so he immediately turned off the phone. seeing anna failed to call, ilit proceeded to explain, she is now dead. only i can hear your voice at this moment. anna is still skeptical, so elliott opens the mirror. anna looked into the mirror, only to discover that her appearance in the mirror was no different from a corpse. she finally believed that she was already dead. at that moment, the boy luca, had just left the funeral home. suddenly seeing his dead teacher standing in front of a second-floor window made him panic. accepting the fact that she was dead, anna cooperated with elliott to operate on her body. paul accepted that his girlfriend was dead, went to school to recover her remains. boy luke went to paul. he said that yesterday he saw teacher anna at the morgue. at that time, the teacher was wearing a red dress. paul didn't believe what the boy said, because he knew anna never wore red. until he was walking on the street, he saw a red halter dress. now, remembering that anna actually had a set like this, maybe anna still hasn't died, he hurriedly drove to the morgue. paul directly rushed to the door, banged on the door to shout for anna. painfully collapsed because he could not love each other anymore. seeing elliott not opening the door for him, paul immediately left to find the police station to ask his friend for help. but people think that because paul is suffering too much, his mental state is not normal. the friend gave the report of anna's death to paul. paul was even more unpleasant because the report only showed that the medical staff was present at the scene of the accident confirmed that anna's heartbeat and blood vessels were [Music]. so she says that she has so many regrets in her life. she wants to try to change something in her life. her repetitive life makes her feel useless. elliot asked anna what she wanted to do when she was still alive. anna says that she wants to love so badly. ilit said that her boyfriend, paul, really loves her. why did she not appreciate him? always got angry, quarreling with him. anna replied, i really love him, but the more i love him, the more afraid i am. when i was a child, i saw my mother being hurt because of love. listening to that, elliot understands her, he opens the door for anna to go make up for her regrets. anna walks out of the funeral home back to her own home. arriving at the door, she was surrounded by a bunch of witches, including paul. they brought anna inside the coffin, tied her body with strange seaweed. anna screamed painfully. she immediately woke up in front of the morgue, and it turned out that she wasn't brave enough to step out of the door. anna admits herself dead, seeming to have lost all the courage of life, thinking that death is probably the best liberation. but elliot says, you always say that you are afraid of death, but actually you are more afraid of living. in the afternoon, elliot was measuring the size of the hole the boy luke ran to. he asked illit why he had to bury the teacher anna. was it because she was already dead? eliot replied, it's not that anna is dead, but that life has left her body in this world, there are so many people like anna. they are fierce towards everyone, but also ferocious to themselves. they never knew how to appreciate their lives and love. such people live only to waste other people's space. heard the convincing answer. boy luke understands. he once found a chicken in school. this chicken looks very sick. it looked like he was unhappy. maybe anna was that chicken. so luke also followed it, burying the chicken carefully. early the next morning, elliott put anna in the coffin for her final surgery. and at the last moment, anna wanted to look at her figure for a bit. elliott brings the mirror to anna, but now anna's breath is in the mirror. she realizes that she is still breathing. it proves that she is still alive, and elliot was a murderer. elliot hastily explained that it was just anna's hallucination. he grabbed the mirror and injected the needle into anna's neck. a few minutes later, anna fell into a coma. on the funeral hall, her boyfriend gave her one last look and he went to the coffin, put the ring he was about to propose to her in her hand. elliott was standing next to him. he felt a little worried that paul would found out his secret. paul took anna's hand, feeling cold at that moment, he finally believed anna was dead. paul leaned closer to the coffin. after leaving a few farewells, he kissed her on the lips and immediately left. elliott stood next to it, breath a sigh of relief. he hurriedly closed the lid of the coffin. while everyone was burying her on the ground, elliott went to his bedroom where he put a picture of anna on a wall. more frightening, besides anna's picture, there were also many pictures of people. they were all murdered by elliot. hearing the sound of earth filling in the coffin, anna opened her mouth to scream, but at that time, all her efforts were hopeless. that night, at anna's parents house, elliot told paul that anna really wasn't dead. hearing that, paul could not think, immediately drove to the grave. on the road. in one turn, paul changed direction. for a moment, he felt a flash of light in front of his eyes. paul thought he had been in an accident. but a while later, was still good and went to the tomb, opened the lid of the coffin, then picked up anna. anna finally woke up. the two people were showing love to each other when the light suddenly flashed. paul turned to look at the car, but anna immediately disappeared. it turned out everything was paul's imagination. some hours ago, he was in a coma at the scene of the car accident. at this time, paul is lying in the morgue. eliot and his disciple prepare to turn him into a victim like anna. 