[Music]. Charlie rone and her family are tied up by a masked perjure. he taunts them with his purge playlist and then tells them they will play a final purge game called mommy's choice. he then proceeds to kill the rest of Charlie's family and leaves her as the only survivor. 18 years later, Rowan is a u.s. senator campaigning for the US. presidency, promising to end the annual purge nights. former police sergeant Leo Barnes is now head of security for Rowan. the new founding fathers of America's leader, Caleb Warren's and their candidate, Minister Edward Owens, view Rowan as a threat and decide to revoke immunity on government officials during the purge. watching the presidential debate, our deli owner Joe Dixon, his assistant, Marcos and EMT. Laney Rucker, a pair of teenage girls enters the store and shoplifts, only to be cornered by Joe. the girls mock Joe until Lainie intervenes, at which point they surrender their stolen goods and leave Joe. Lolita receives a phone call stating that his insurance premiums for purge coverage have been raised beyond his affordability. Joe decides to guard his store himself, despite Marcos and Lanie's please not to murder. tourism booms the economy due to tourists visiting the United States to join in on the purge. on the night of the purge, Joe guards a store and has joined by Marcos, and together they manage to repel an attack by the teenage girls. Laney and her partner, dawn, patrol the city in an ambulance, providing medical care to the wounded. Rowan decides to wait out the purge from her home, rather than a secure location, to secure the vote, and is accompanied by Barnes, chief Cooper, Eric and additional security forces. however, a betrayal by chief Cooper and Eric allows a paramilitary force led by Earl Dan's injure to kill the security detail and invade the house. Barnes escorts the senator to safety, but is wounded in the process. he detonates a bomb in the house, killing Eric and chief Cooper. Barnes and the senator attempt to seek shelter, but are ambushed by a gang of perjures and taken captive. before they are executed. Joe and Marcos kill the gang, having seen the perish plight from the stores rooftop, as they take shelter in the store. the teenage girls return with reinforcements. however, Laney runs over their leader and kills the remaining reinforcements. they form a team and leave her a safer hideout. the team is ambushed by Dan ginger and a helicopter and seeks refuge beneath an overpass, where in barns realizes they were tracked by the bullet lodged inside him, and manages to extract it. after a confrontation with large number of Crips, the team helps their lead injured comrade. in return, the crips plant the bullet in another area to divert the paramilitary team, which they later eliminate. the team arrives at an underground anti purge hideout run by Dante. Bishop Barnes discovers that bishops group intends to assassinate Owens in an effort to end the purge. a large group of paramilitary forces arrives to the hideout looking for Bishop Barnes and Rowin escape back to the streets and meet Joe, Marcus and Laney, who had left the hideout earlier to return to Joe's store. while fleeing the city, the ambulance is hit by Dan gingers team. rone is pulled from the van by the soldiers. before Barnes can assist. he leads the group and bishops team to a fortified Cathedral where the nffa plans to sacrifice her before Rowan can be killed by the nffa. the group arrives in assassinates Warren's causing a shootout that kills the entire congregation except Owens and another nffa at loyalist Harmon. James, who escaped Owens, is caught by bishops group, who still intends to kill him, but roan manages to persuade them to spare him. the remaining paramilitary forces arrive, killing Bishop and his team. Dan's injure and Barnes engage in a melee, which ends with Dan's injures death. as Rowan and the team free the imprisoned, purge victims. James emerges and kills a released prisoner. Joe shoots him, but as fatally wounded, before dying, Joe asks Marcos to take care of his store. two months later, Rowan wins the election in the landslide, while Barnes appointed the new director of The Secret Service. Marcos and Laney renovates Joe's store and continue to run it in his memory. a news report then states that nffa supporters have staged violent uprisings across the country in response to election results. [Music]. [Applause]. 