welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka the guy who always spots the devil in the details. and this video, we're breaking down the third episode of one division. as emil blonsky once said, this is a whole new level of weird. and we ended last week with wanda revealing that she was pregnant. now, though in this episode she doesn't get an ultron sound, hey, having that, clearly the children are a big focus of what's going on. in the first entry, we watched his visions, boss mr hart started hammering his hand whilst asking why the pair didn't have any kids. in the second episode, there was a big committee built towards doing things for them. and you'd have to be blind not to have the vision that it's clearly the children that they're after. terrible puns. anyway, because wonder is able to alter reality, i believe that the true villains of the show had been trying their best to subliminally plant the idea in her head that she needed to have kids. we'll talk about how this ties into the overall plot and where things could be going later on. but after multiple watches of the first two episodes, i think it becomes clear that wonder likely wandered into this town, was manipulated by agnes, and then transformed the landscape into the sitcom show that we see. my editor, christian, from beyond epic, went through the old trailers and actually discovered a moment in which it looks like monica is about to put her hand into a bubble. and we can see that from the outside, it looks like the town is fine. this makes me believe that whoever is getting wandered to do this doesn't want the rest of the world to know, and thus is making things seem like normal from the outside. this is clearly a metaphor that carries over to the show itself, as everything looks bright and bubbly in this sitcom world, but we know deep beneath the surface that something else is going on. agnes clearly wants the kids, and if the theories about mephisto, aka the devil, being behind it all are true, then he's likely engineered everything to get them. in the first two entries, there was, of course, a discussion between agnes and dottie in which they said, the devil's in the detail, and that's not the only place he is. yeah, i've done that joke already. now, vision also had a stick of big red gum, which could also be a no to satan himself. in the loki trailer, there's also a moment in which we can see the devil in a stained glass window. somehow, all the clues are pointing towards him being behind it all. now this actually ties back to the comics themselves, as when wanda fell pregnant, it was revealed that her babies were actually being used to carry the souls of demons. though this is all just a fan theory for now, looking at not only the source material, but also the clues and hints, it does seem to line up, let's be honest. although we don't know whether hydra will be playing a part in this or not. the logo did feature an episode too. and i just want to shout out at hooligansbarry on twitter for pointing out that the tentacles look like 666. now that might be a reach, but if we take the symbolism of the logo and look at the sword one, it looks like a sword that's piercing through a bubble in order to burst it. the episode itself ends with a big reveal that we'll talk about later on in the video. but it's very clear that there are indeed people trying to investigate the truth of the matter. i think this highlights that their mission is to try and save wonder from the bubble reality that she's trapped in, and that mephisto and agnes, or rather agatha, will try and do what they can to stop this from happening. hexagons appear throughout the series, especially in the credits. and they could highlight that the pair have been hexed. it's also possible that they could be hinting towards wanda's own hex powers from the comics. as in the original work, she was able to craft hex spears, bolts and more. so yeah, just tying the two things together. now, episode three itself pulls heavily from the 70s sitcom the brady bunch in both its style and decor. if you look back at old photographs of the brady bunch house, you'll see that they've clearly modeled not only the timberwork from it, but also the way that the stairs align too. the similarities actually go beyond this as well. and if you're a fan of sitcoms in general. then you may have heard of something called cousin oliver syndrome in the brady bunch. when writing started to slip, the creative team behind the show actually brought in an extended member of the family called cousin oliver, completely out of nowhere. he just, they just made him up. i'm not even lying. he just popped up on set one day. you know, cousin oliver syndrome basically refers to a show bringing in a cute character in order to try and boost viewership. and if we take that idea and apply it to one division, then the pregnancy, which popped out of nowhere, could be making jabs at the motif. however, as we've discussed, it's clearly part of the plot, and it's a smart way to not only pay homage to the stereotypes, but use them to advance the story. now, the brady bunch inspired opening and theme itself actually show a bit of a mistake in the makeup department. when vision is on the swing. if you look closely at his shirt, you'll see that they didn't apply the makeup to his arm. and his skin can be seen beneath this sleeve. no, tinnoti i also kind of get the feeling that vision himself subliminally knew that he was getting twins, as he builds two swings and a seesaw, both of which can only be used by two children. but i grew up a single child. i'm just kidding. i've got a sister now. the pregnancy book he also reads looks very ominous, and it's almost occult in several ways, due to the shadowy figure standing against the blood red background. the name is difficult to make out, but it appears to say agnes. however, let me know if i'm wrong. as it goes by so quickly, the words in color also appear. and this was actually seen as a big upgrade at the time in tv. the show itself has gone from black and white to being coloured. so this is also a nice little meta joke over how the series has transformed. throughout the episode, we can also see that the camera techniques used have been massively upgraded over the last entry. in the prior episodes, most shots were static, whereas here they're far more dynamic, mimicking techniques that were adopted at the time. this shows how much attention marvel were paying to what was going on. in television during the 70s, and it's definitely something that they should be applauded for. it's not too long before we see a doctor listening out for the heartbeat of the little baby. he's unable to detect twins, which are later revealed. and this, to me, signifies that wonder may have manifested them after the pair were torn between the names, we learn that the doctor himself is planning a trip to bermuda baby. and i'm sure you're well aware of the bermuda triangle. the area itself also has the nickname the devil's triangle, which could further tie back to mephisto. it's a loosely defined location in which a number of aircrafts and ships are said to have disappeared under mysterious circumstances. and this, of course, is similar to how we know that the town has disappeared along with its occupants. the doctor himself could have come in and vanished, similar to how monica has. and therefore the idea of bermuda is in the back of his mind, influencing his idea of escape. now, outside, i love how we see ralph cutting a brick wall. and you may notice behind him that the background is painted on rather than being an actual field. he seems a bit lost in the illusion. and it is possible that this wall used to be a fence, which is why confusion comes over it. however, it is possible that he may be another character, which we'll talk about in just a bit. now we see vision demonstrate his super speed and catching a papaya. and this actually ties into the children that the pair had in the comics. together, they created wiccan and speed, two mutants blessed with incredible gifts, the latter of which was super speed. this seems like the direction that they are going to as they go back and forth over the names of children and con settle on either tommy or billy. now, interestingly enough, billy and tommy were also the names given to the two that were possessed by demon souls in the comics. and after they were vanquished, they later reincarnated as wicked in speed, i think. anyway, yeah, these old comics are all over the place. and like wonder herself, marvel seem to enjoy pressing the reset button and removing things from the timeline. so excuse me if i'm wrong, but i don't think i am yet, so shut the hell up. now, i think that this show will probably skip the evil, demon souls versions and just go straight into the wicked and speed ones, and then combine the backstory with mephisto and agnes likely wanting to possess them. wanda has a stork painted on the wall, and this later comes to life, perhaps signifying how she was able to bring vision back from the dead. if that is the case, then this isn't the version that we've come to know and love. and it is possible that when this reality falls apart eventually, that he goes with it. i think it would be heartbreaking to end the show with him dying once more. and he could set up wonder as the villain going forward, similar to how she is in house of m well, i say villain. yeah, she's just a bit of, a bit of a crazy mess. now, now there's a cool, not slugger off. now there's a cool little cut to the neighbors, and we see a newspaper being read with the headline, two fire hydrants added on main similar to the last newspaper article, which was about a baby's first words. it's barely front page newsworthy, and feels disconnected from anything with major consequences. we know that the snap and blip have happened on the outside world, and this not appearing anywhere shows how idyllic this reality is. there's a strange rumbling in the house, and this could actually be the agents of sword outside, trying to infiltrate the reality or carry out experiments on it. later, we do see spotlight shining on the location, and there is a bright beam that appears in the living room, perhaps linking the two together. either way, it's clear that wonder is controlling it all and will do anything to keep up the illusion. and once more, she rewinds time when vision starts to question west's view and the reality that they live in. she did this last time with the beekeeper, and carries it out here, only this time we see things purely from vision's perspective. and the jarring cut sort of snaps you out of questioning it. it's really quickly and smartly edited. and it's not too long before we stop guessing about things and just once more, gets sucked back into it. now i did start to feel a lot of truman show vibes in this entry, especially as the characters on the whole seem to be completely unaware that they're part of a tv show. anytime the illusion is almost broken, drastic measures are taken to reset things. and vision suit even looks very similar to the one that jim carrey wears in that movie. now occur to the commercial, and this time we get some cool 70s cube effects. it's another nod to hydra. but most importantly, we see the man and woman return. still, we have no idea who these are. and it is possible that they're actually wonders parents. they're always spelled into something that's heavily influenced her life, such as the stock missiles or hydra itself. they don't appear anywhere else in the show outside of this, and that could be because if one actually came face to face with them, that it would break the reality, much in the same way that the mention of ultron does. i've also seen people say that they could be mephisto and death. and the line, find the goddess within could indeed signify that. after the water breaks, we do get that soap commercial. so perhaps they are linked on a level that we don't quite know yet. when vision flees to get a doctor, the stork comes to life. and we're then greeted by geraldine, or rather monica. last week, she didn't know her name until her hand actually touched wonders, and therefore it's likely that this was implanted into her head. after wanda says geraldine in this entry, for the first time, monica says, no, no, no, it's foxy. and though this could be referencing the coat that she's wearing, it may also mean that she's changed her name. foxy was a very popular name in the 70s, and it could be referencing foxy brown, which is a character that i think monica's look is based upon. this week, she seems very much a caricature. and it could also be a nod to how black people were portrayed more as stereotypes and sitcoms that featured predominantly white casts. monica then goes on to tell the story of how she had a meeting with her temp boss, who we discover is called mr haddick. haddock is, of course, a fish, and they appear patented on her pants, perhaps showing that people's subconscious in this reality affects the things around them. the stalk then comes out, walks around the area. and wonder tries to make it disappear with her red smoke powers, but she's unable to. red smoke is, of course, a symbol of the devil, and it could also explain why this stalk doesn't vanish. now, an interesting thing about monica is that she has a sword necklace on, further tying back to her role on the outside. we do know that she's part of the organization and was sent in to get here, and likely will report on the outside exactly what happened. her necklace was also clearly brought on by her subconsciousness too. and yeah, i'm getting sick. i'm getting sick of saying that as well. now, the weird thing about vision is that he doesn't mind showing his super speed to the doctor. i don't really know why this doesn't cause further alarm. either way, everyone seems to be distracted completely by the pregnancy, but it is something that stands out quite a lot in this episode. now, wonder gives birth to two babies and notes that tommy is strong, potentially hinting towards the powers that he could have. another bambino pops out, and it's only when monica looks over them that things really start to get weird. now we did see in the trailers for the show that it was actually wonder that flung her out of the reality. however, the scene is completely cut, and we're just left wondering what happened. the doctor decides not to leave and says that the reality is hard to escape from, and questioning that, vision then sees agnes ralph discussing something secretive. i think that wrath may actually be mephisto, as he's the one who gave the big red gum to vision last week. agnes also says that he looks better in the dark, perhaps hinting at him working in the shadows. however, he does hint that he may not be real, and almost blabs about what's going on, which i don't know if the devil would do either way. they clearly want monica gone, and try to make vision turn on her by mentioning that she has no home. this, of course, is a homey location, and thus the negative connotation would have an effect on vision's perception of her. now, he's not a he's not a bad guy yet, so they won't change his mind. but they do get their own way, and it's not too long before she's gone. when is brought up, something in monika changes. and this is likely because, as a member of sword she's well aware of the ins and outs of sokovia. i love how wanda sings her song in her native tongue, and it's clear that she starts to remember her life, which begins to break the illusion. rather than facing the reality of the situation, though, wonder simply throws moniker away and goes back to her idyllic life trapped in this reality. on the outside, we see the true sign for west view, highlighting that this is indeed a relocation. the first initials of w and v, of course, apply to wonder and vision. and i love how they've managed to line them up and make everything sort of all related in some form or another. now, in the background, we also hear the song sleepy jean, which could tie into the dream theory that we had last week. i don't want to spend ages talking about that again, because, you know, this is going on for long enough. but if you checked out our last video, then you'll know in the ads, for one division, that the narrator said, dreaming instead of streaming. therefore, we can take it that this is actually a dream that has come into reality. i'm guessing we'll see a lot of things from sword's perspective next time, involving their investigation into the bubble. now i have to say that i think this week's episode is a big step up from the first two. i can see why disney released the first three for review, as those two on their own just felt a bit meh to me. however, you start to get a clearer picture here what's going on, and things just start to slot into place. it makes every single ironic joke, the strange character beats him more, just make more sense to me, and therefore i'm enjoying it more. i think most people would have come back after last week, as we trust marvel know what they're doing. and if the episodes keep getting better and better each time, as they have, then i'm looking forward to what's around the corner. i had genuine chills in the conversation with monica. and i love that the show can switch on a dime in a second. it goes from the absurd to very, very tense. and tonally it works excellently, in my opinion. now that we have an understanding of the mechanics of the show and at least some context. though i did watch sitcoms like bewitched and so on, things like the brady bunch are easier for me to relate to. but yeah, let me know if you're still lost on the show in the comments below. now, for the next part of the video, we're going to be talking about one of the big, big leaks that's just come out in regards to the show. heavy spoilers warning. also, i'd massively appreciate it if you clicked the thumbs up button. as my last breakdown actually ended up trending at number seven on youtube. and it just shows companies that i'm worth working with. as i didn't get access to any screeners for this show, getting to see stuff early just helps to make the breakdowns better. so all support is, of course, massively appreciated. anyway, if you've been following all the updates on the show, and you will have seen that a spanish voice actor actually confirmed that they are dubbing evan peters, who will be playing quicksilver. what do you mean? it's it's saying stuff like that, which is exactly why disney don't want to work with me. [ __ ]. well, i have actually waited over a week to talk about this, and the story broke last saturday and was then later confirmed by andy signal. now, though we don't know how quick silva will be brought across to the show just yet, it does, of course, open the door for others from the multiverse, such as the x-men cast and deadpool, to drop in. we already know that ryan rowlands has signed on to do multiple marvel movies now. and wonder may open a portal when trying to resurrect her brother. and this could bring the fox version into the mcu timeline. it's really going to bridge the gap between the franchises. and it also means that kevin feig, he can pick and choose from the cast to see which actors that he wants to work with. sorry, sophie turner, uh, my mom says, i'm only allowed three, three people in the mcu. i'm just kidding. she was fine, wasn't she? anyway, i think that ever since days of future past, that foggy has wanted to get quicksilver over, as he's one of the coolest characters in it. it can also usher in his father, magneto, which could lend itself to wonder, and there's just so many amazing opportunities to tie everything together. and that's obviously a big spoiler, but i did warn you. but yeah, so far that's one of the only things that i've seen leaked about the show. anyway, that wraps up our episode 3 breakdown, and i'd love to hear your thoughts on it. so make sure you drop a comment below if you have any other theories. as people's input last time, it definitely helped me to collect my thoughts for this one. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize draw on the 30th of january, in which we're giving away three copies of the hobbit and lord of the rings 4k box sets to our subscribers. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the entry. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the last two episodes, which will be linked on screen right now. we went over both from top to bottom, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more without the way. thank you for sitting through the video. i've been paul, i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 