what makes someone go from mild-mannered office worker to unhinged, bloodthirsty slayer of man? all you need is to be locked in the building with a bomb in your head that will go off if you don't kill everyone you know. but if everyone you've worked with is also about the kill, how do you survive? this is why you want to survive. the bellco experiment. we start off in bogota, colombia, at the gate of belco industries. we meet some of the employees inside the building. wendell is creeping out. his spicy co-worker, leandra, gets cop making out with mike and marty smoking up in the toilet. on the surface, everything seems pretty normal, but the details are concerning. somewhere, a group of people are secretly watching all the bellco employees. already, something feels off about this whole situation. the building is really far from any main roads or towns, and the security team turn away all the locals working there. and no one seems to know what's going on or why. to be fair, bokuta has a history of being one of the most dangerous cities in the world. so while it might be alarming, i wouldn't be too surprised, but i would definitely try to find out the name of the security company. these guys have no badges from the military or the police, so who are they? you need answers. so until they tell you, cancel the workday and demand to know what is going on. one of the employees, mike, spots one of the guards heading into a nearby hangar. it talks to security to find out who these guys are. evan doesn't know. they just showed up one day after a company-wide email from corporate. that's when an announcement comes on the pa [Applause], please stop and lend me your full attention. murder any two of your fellow employees within the next half hour. but if there are not two dead bodies in the building within 30 minutes, you will face repercussions. no one knows what's going on, and are either laughing or shrugging it off, which i wouldn't do, because that's stupid. whether this is true or false, you should be preparing for both outcomes. someone has hacked the pa system of a government-funded building, cut the office landlines and threatened the employees there. no one here is proactively figuring out how to kill two people. and more than likely, you wouldn't be either. it might be natural to figure out who has sent the message and why, but it's not going to help. you are safest in assuming that this is real and get out of the building, but that's not your first instinct, and that's exactly why you wouldn't survive this. suddenly, the building gets locked down from the outside by these thick metal sheets, boarding up the windows and blocking the entryway in the lobby, jamming any signals from getting out, wi-fi mobile or otherwise. in a panic, everyone in the building heads the ground floor to try and get out, but they're locked in. barry, the ceo, gets everyone to calm down, explaining that he thinks the building was hacked. i would always advise stepping up as a leader because there are a lot of perks. leaders can choose who lives and dies. they also aren't likely to be sacrificed because people see them as valuable to the group. and they get people to carry out their plants, either for getting help escaping or sacrificing someone trying to get out. lonnie and bud at the two maidens, men try to burn through the barricade using a blowtorch, but it doesn't work. the metal doesn't even heat up at all. it seems pretty clear that this is more than just a hack, or at least that's what mike tells barry. the barricades look like they were meant to keep people inside. and it can't be a coincidence that there are new guards today who go inside the hangar nearby. some employees decide to go up to the roof, where they not only can't get any reception, but run into marty and chet, two stoners who are of no help to anyone. one of the tech guys tries to get the attention of the guard down below, who completely ignores them, drinking his tea like a prick. marty thinks this is just a test and doesn't take it seriously, until someone's head explodes. the workers think it might be a shooting and begin to run. but looking at the ones closely, their heads exploded from the inside out, mike suddenly realizes why the locals were turned away and the reason the workers died. it's due to the tracers that they all got when they began working for bellco. and the locals don't have them. as vince tells danny earlier in the film, these are surgically implanted into all new bellco employees for security reasons. but it seems pretty sketchy to me. if any employer wanted me to put a chip in my head like an animal, i'm out of there. most real-life companies that put rfid chips into their employees put it in their hands. as soon as people's heads start exploding, you have a hundred percent confirmation that this is real. you must start killing asap. grab a weapon immediately. there are knives and rolling pins in the kitchen, fire extinguishers throughout the building and wrenches and hammers in the basement. most people would go for the knife, but knives have a short range and require a higher level of skill, as opposed to swinging a hammer or a wrench. mike runs the bathroom and desperately cuts his head to take out the chip. but the voice gives him 10 seconds to stop what he's doing. michael meltz, shut down the knife immediately, or we will detonate the explosive. he runs out of time, and always stops at the last second. it's a good idea in theory that has a lot of problems in practice. regardless if you did or did not have help, it's not like that you would know where to begin. cutting the neck is a vital body part that shouldn't be messed with. there are nerves, tendons and arteries that have cut can fatally hurt any joe schmoe trying to play doctor. terry and vince find hidden cameras around the office and are told by the voice that they need to stop messing with them. barry asks evan, the guard, for the keys to the armory, who tells him no. even when barry pulls the i'm your boss, you will obey card, evan counters with a nope. i quit keeping the case of the armory to himself. the voice comes back to tell everyone, there are currently 76 of you left in the building. in two hours, if 30 of you are not dead, we will end 60 of your lives through our own methods. begin it's utter chaos. some people go to grab weapons like wendell, while others go looking for a place to hide. now, credit where credit is due. grabbing actual weapons early gives a starting bonus to this whole thing. knives, rolling pins, fire axes, pens, scissors, broomsticks, coffee mugs, if not the kill, then at least for self-defense in case things get dicey. on the other hand, hiding is the best way to protect yourself without resorting to violence. personally, i would hide in vince's office because it's the only room in the building that isn't surrounded by glass walls. otherwise i would look for any ventilation shafts that i could hide it. marty pulls the fire alarm, and everybody is freaking out. pulling the fire alarm to get help is a smart thing to try, but bellco's alarm is on a closed system. it's not connected to the fire department, so no call would go through, making this completely pointless. the maintenance men go to the basement to fix the air con, and lonnie is losing it. even when bud tries to calm him down, lonnie lashes out and kills bud, whacking his head in with a wrench. should have brought that arrow yondu killing people is a necessary evil to survive. dany quickly learns this as she's attacked by lonnie. but she manages to kill him, pushing him into these three spikes jutting out of the wall. i don't see this happening. she's a lot smaller than he is and would get easily overpowered by him. even if she ran, he'd catch up to her, because, on average, men are stronger and faster than women. she wouldn't survive this, and most likely neither would you. at the same time, the employees upstairs are having their own differences. on one side, there's mike, saying, no one's got to kill nobody. and the other is barry, who's very clearly on the side of killing people. already, it's clear to everyone that barry is a little bloodthirsty in planning to get the guns from the armory. we can use that to our advantage by preparing our own team of defenders. when they realize that this guy is going to kill us, they're going to fight to survive. our crew is going to lose more guys, but bearing the boys are going down too. mike and leandra notice the blow torch in the lobby is missing. they find it's being used by berry's crew to open up the armory lock. mike thinks this is a bad idea. so everyone be a lot safer where they can't get the guns. so evan takes out his gun and demands they stop, only putting the pistol away once. mike gets him to calm down and takes it from him, shooting the gun to break the hose of the blowtorch. what mike did was kind of stupid. it only made it clear to barry that mike is an enemy and now first on his kill list. he could have used the situation to his advantage by not interfering and letting things play out. evan probably would have shot them if they didn't stop blowtorching the lock, which means you only have one maniac of a gun instead of three. but if you were dead set on interfering, there are two things you could do. the first will be getting rid of the keys to the armory and throwing them off the roof of the building where no one is going to get them. the other option is to join up and offer the help, telling them that you had a change of heart and agree with their plan. we not only gain trust with barry's crew, but we also get protection from the most dangerous people in the building. and if things go south, they'll be a lot easier to kill if they trust you. mike and his co-workers try to hang up banners, but the guards down below start shooting at them. the second time they try to hang up a banner, one of the guys gets shot in the voice announces that they must stop or else they'll die. that's another failed solution, which really wasn't thought out. they hung the message in plain view of the very people that can kill them. if hate banners was actually a winning strategy, we should hang it from the other side of the building. a better solution is to grab a bunch of stuff and make a bonfire out of it. the guards wouldn't be able to put it out, and it would be clearly seen by anyone from much further away. once the fire is big enough, it would be impossible to put out, even if the voice asked us to. barry and his crew ambushed them in the stairwell, knocking mike out, killing evan and taking leandra along with the keys to the armory, where inside are enough guns and ammo for all five of them, locked and loaded. they round up all the employees in the building, taking them down to the lobby and start sorting them into groups, sparing those of children and sacrificing those over the age of 60. but barry realizes that there aren't enough old people to make the 30 kill quota, so he starts adding people randomly, including leandra. mike. i would still be working with barry here, because there is no chance we'd be sacrificed. to gain trust. i would go full machiavelli here and suggest choosing anyone who had a disability, who were bad employees, or the entire human resources department. don't worry. they had to come. they line up everyone to execute them. but they don't realize that someone is missing, hiding in the basement. danny has a plan. just as bike is about to be killed, danny reaches the breaker box and shuts down all the lights. people immediately begin running out of there. the gunman spread throughout the building, but then the tables turn. keith gets killed trying to turn the power back on. benjamin gets taken down by mike and this woman. and leandra removes the blade from the paper cutter and takes off her shoes, putting them at one desk while she hides behind another one. when terry comes in, he gets distracted by the shoes, giving her enough time to cut his hand. i would have killed terry, because not only did he try to kill me, this has the added benefit of bringing us closer to the 30 person kill count. now a word of advice to any ladies out there, take off your heels. unless you're a lady from jurassic world, you're not going to be able to run around with these. they are also very loud. and moving quietly is a good advantage to have in this situation. the voice suddenly makes another announcement. you've come up one body short. we're sorry to inform you that 31 additional employees will now be eliminated. barry is a little upset as all his hard work gets flushed down the drain. people's heads begin exploding everywhere. and with the dust finally settles, the rules suddenly change. in one hour, whoever has killed the most people will be allowed to live. the current tally is as follows, barry norris, 11 kills. wendell dukes, seven kills. vincent agustino, one kill. daniel wilkins, one kill. hiding may have gotten us this far, but now we'll only get you killed. now is the time to be hunting people down, shooting or hacking whoever we can find. when killing means surviving, no one can be trusted. so i would refuse to team up with anyone. a strategy window uses to butcher four people in a bathroom stall. while barry goes up an elevator. inside, he begins hearing noises coming from above. he fires through the hatch, but danny stumbles off and falls into a ledge leaving behind roberto, who gets crushed to death by the ceiling. using an elevator is a gamble in this situation. there's nowhere to hide if someone spots you, and there are only two exits. with that said, i would only use it if i was hiding on top of the elevator with a weapon. that way, if someone came in, i could drop attack them like batman, making it easier to kill someone. leandra finds marty in chat digging into the heads of the people who were shot, taking out the unexploded tracers. they plan on using them to blow a hole through the metal that blocks the lobby entrance. that's actually a pretty clever idea. leandra, however, has a bad idea, as she uses the pa system to tell mike to meet her on the first floor. letting everyone know where she's going to be. don't do this. anyone in the building knows where the pa room is and can figure out where you are, something that is extremely dangerous in a locked down building. what you should do is stay out of sight and quietly kill as many people as you can, like john mcclane. leandra finds wendell hacking away at someone's face with a cleaver. they get into a shootout, leaving them both about any ammo ducking behind a table, she pushes it as he kills the two stoners. liandra barely manages to pin him and hacks away at his face with an axe. there's a lot of ways that this could go wrong for her. she's too light to pin him down, and an axe swing has a long wind up, so he should be able to get out from under her and take control of the situation. mike meets leandra downstairs, where she gives in the bombs, just as vince comes in and flings a whole bunch of molotov cocktails at them, burning another co-worker to death. molotov cocktails are simple to make and super deadly, but throwing them in an open space isn't very effective. i would have chased them into the stairwell where there's less space to dodge them. leandro might go up the stairs to get away, but run into barry, who shoots at them. they double back as barry kills vince and then kills dany. mike hides inside a locker with leandra, who dies from bleeding out. as barry emerges, mike sprints out of the locker and lunges at barry, but it's clear that he's outmatched. brute force won't work here, so mike needs to fight smart. barry has more experience, more training and a gun. so it's best to wait for barry to get distracted, get into his blind spot and attack from behind. if it comes to a fist fight, this is a fight that you're not likely to survive. barry has combat experience, while mike doesn't and is physically weaker. pure luck is the only reason why mike got out of here alive. finding a tape dispenser conveniently within reach is incredibly unlikely, which mike uses to smash his boss's face open. it only takes a few blows, but barry dies, and mike is dragged out of the building as the voice congratulates him on his victory, he's taken to this nearby hangar where he finally gets to meet the man behind the voice. this quasimodo looking guy tells him that this was all part of an international social experiment. mike is fed up with this and drops a bomb on the voice. he slipped a few tracers in the pockets of the two guards in the voice himself. mike bolts with the switchboard and starts flipping switches. honestly, this is the best and smartest play in the whole movie, but you would definitely not survive. those trigger-heavy soldiers would riddle you with bullets as soon as you ran over there, leaving you dead on the floor. walking out of the hangar, mike is now free, or is he? he's still being watched by another set of cameras, along with tons of others who are all being monitored from the same room. the feeds come from different bellco locations around the world. as a computerized voice announces and stage one commencing. stage two, mike and the other winners need to think really hard on what to do next, because now anything can happen. there you have it, everything you need to know to beat the bellco experiment. but if you want more videos like this, check out the how to be playlist up on the channel right now. with that said, thank you so much for watching. leave a like and subscribe to see more videos like this. until next time, have a damn good day. 