welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead, season 10, episode 16. the season finale is finally here after the long-covered quarantine delay. watch my previous recaps if you need to be caught up. but otherwise, here it is, the end of the whisperer war. beta has led his zombie horde to attack our gang, and he has gone full crazy. now, here's the zombie talking to him. they've got a pretty good evacuation plan in place. luke has managed jerry rigga's sound system. they're going to lead the zombie order away. but to do that, some of them need to sneak through the zombie horde. if you get claustrophobic and large crowds, this is terrifying. it's basically the worst music festival ever, especially because the zombies do not respect covet social distancing. another scary thing is that among these walkers are the whisperers themselves. but oh, our gang's got snipers on the roof to take them out. but beta, the zombie shepherd savant, is able to bring them all in tighter, nullifying that advantage. so when you run into a whisper, you have to have a super low-key, quiet fight, because if you scream out, the zombies will swarm. ya. they got this one down, but, oh, stabs the leg of the girl from oceanside, who's, i feel bad not knowing her name, cause now she gets a real gruesome death. she had the speaker parts too. carol can't get to it. but who's this? managed to sneak on in there. it's lydia wearing her mom alpha's mask. lydia and carol have had some emotional thing going on. carol kind of avoids her because she reminds her of henry's death. she's like, look, kid, i don't want to be your surrogate mom. and lydia's like, i'm basically an adult. i mean, we can just be friends. and so their plan works. the music starts playing, and the horde turns around. yeah, they've got their epic sound system hooked up to the horse and carriage. and luke, a music connoisseur, has picked out my favorite song, talking heads burning down the house. but back at the tower, the whisperers are breaking through like the minds of moria instead of a cave troll, though they have a nail bomb. all while everyone else escapes. it's father gabriel staying behind to buy time, ready to make his last stand. oh, father gabriel looks like this is his death scene. and even though he's never been my favorite character, he's been around for so long and has evolved into kind of a cool dude, it's gonna be sad to see him go. but wait, what's this all he's saved by this crazy mass dude with ninja blades. and working with him is maggie. yeah, she's back on the show. she finally got the letter about the whispers and came back to help. but where has she been? and who is her wild new friend? elsewhere? the music gang is still leading the horde away. but unfortunately, luke couldn't make a playlist. it's just the same song on repeat, which, even though i love it, would get annoying. but the more pressing problem is the whisperers, who are now using the walkers as human shields, which is incredibly effective. actually, they managed to break down the cart and destroy the music so the horde turns back around. daryl's like, alright, guys, it's time for plan b. sneak through the horde, killing the whisperers. yes, our gang can be just as stealthy and scary as they are. then it's time for the final showdown between beta and negan. yeah, beta really hates him cause he hooked up with then murdered his crush, alpha. he's about to kill negan, but oh, it's daryl coming in to save the day. boom, double knives to the face. beta has this whole weird vision of alpha and the zombies caress in him, but in reality, he's being torn apart. and with his mask finally off, negan recognizes that he was a famous country singer, daryl, though not a music fan. you know who that [ __ ] was? yeah, nobody. so as the resident zombie hurting expert, lydia's leading the horde off a cliff, carol comes up though, like, hey, i'll take it from here. i've lived through 10 seasons of this. i'm ready to sacrifice myself. so is this where carol dies? no, lydia grabs her at the last second. you can't die, carol. we've just connected. plus it just got confirmed you and daryl have your own spin-off series in the works. but she got close enough to the edge the rest of the zombie horde, lemming themselves off the cliff. lydia pulls out her mother's mask and tosses it off the edge. the end of the whisperers, an epic cinematic moment, the walking dead reminding us that they can still be primetime tv. and so our gang survived the whisperers with very few casualties, no major characters. in fact, we've got plus one major character, cause now maggie's back. and even though it's been announced that season 11 will be the final season, they're not done yet. because who's this that's still alive? it's daryl's death girlfriend, connie. yeah, she got trapped in the cave like a million years ago, but she's made it out. and who does she meet here but virgil, the guy that michonne went off with elsewhere. eugene's crew is rushing to meet his radio girlfriend for a hot date. they make it to the rendezvous, but they're way late. it doesn't seem like anyone's here. eugene's not giving up hope though. he has faith that his lady love is out there. damn, you're one really horny dude. but wait, what's this? there is someone here. it's a bunch of stormtroopers. what? yeah, this is a serious new group, friend or foe. find out next time on the walking dead. this was the season 10 finale, but apparently later, instead of season 11, they're just doing more of season 10, whatever they call it. hit that subscribe button, because when there's more walking dead, i'll be there recapping it, including the new spin-off series, world beyond, which features the helicopters that took rick. plus i will be doing individual episode recaps of fear the walking dead, coming back next weekend. 