hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2001 fantasy adventure film, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. so let's get started. the film opens in England with a young boy named Harry Potter living with his aunt, uncle and cousin known as the Dursleys. the Dursleys are Harry's only living relatives, but they treat him awfully, making him sleep in a cupboard under the staircase. after a series of events, Harry is visited by a large man named Hagrid, who informs Harry that he is actually a wizard, and that Harry is actually quite famous in the Wizarding World for being the only person to survive an attack from a dark wizard named Lord Voldemort. Harry also finds out that Lord Voldemort killed his parents, James and Lily Potter. Hagrid informs Harry that he has been accepted to the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Haggard takes Harry to buy school supplies in a hidden, magical street called Diagon Alley. and then Harry boards a train to the school at platform 9 and 3/4 at the Kings Cross station aboard the train, Harry meets a boy from a large but poor Wizarding family named Ron Weasley, and a girl named her Moyne Granger, who is a witch born of two non magical parents. in the world of Harry Potter, those without magic are referred to as muggles. the students arrive, and the students are separated into one of four houses, Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw and Slytherin, which is decided by a magical sorting hat. so Darrin is known for having a history of dark wizards, so Harry requests not be put into Slytherin, so instead, he is placed in a Gryffindor along with Ron and Hermione. Ron also comes from a long line of Gryffindor's, with all of his brothers also being in the same house. Harry begins his schooling and joins his houses Quidditch team, a magical sport played on brooms. Harry, Ron and Hermione, one night discover a large, three-headed dog named fluffy, owned by Hagrid on a restricted floor of the school. they find out that fluffy is guarding an object called The Sorcerer's Stone, which can grant its possessor immortality. Harry believes that the potions teacher severus snape, who used to be a dark agent for Lord Voldemort, is going to steal the stone in order to return Lord Voldemort to full power. Harry Ron and Hermione decided to steal the stone before Snape can. they face a series of obstacles placed by various professors to protect the stone, but they are able to defeat them all. they realize that it is not Snape trying to steal the stone, but instead Professor Quirrell, the Defense Against the Dark Arts. Professor Quirrell removes his turban, revealing Voldemort to be living on the back of his head. Harry is able to obtain the Sorcerer's Stone, and Voldemort tried to convince Harry to give it to him in return restoring Harry's parents lives. Harry refuses, and quarrel attempts to kill him. but as soon as he touches Harry, coral turns to dust. Voldemort storm rises from the dust and flees. and Harry is knocked unconscious. Harry wakes up in the hospital wing to see the school's headmaster, Professor Dumbledore. Dumbledore explains that the stone was destroyed at the request of its creator. he also explained that Harry defeated Voldemort because Harry's mother died to save Harry, giving him a love based protection spell against Voldemort. Harry Ron and Hermione are praised for their bravery. as classes come to an end, Harry realizes that Hogwarts is truly where he fields home. levels the spoilers for Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. you 