hello and welcome back to 10 minute movies, where we take cinematic masterpieces, and, more often, disasters, and splice them down into short, digestible videos. today we're taking a look at the first film i've covered that could really be classified as a disaster. it's the fourth film in the bond franchise, thunderball, released in 1965. maybe i'm being a bit harsh calling it a disaster, but it's safe to say that they played thunderball a bit well safe. terence young returns in his final outing as a bond director, and sean connery returns as james bond. but parts of this movie really feel quite stale. nevertheless, many people still find this film enjoyable. so without further ado, let's get into the plot. [Music]. a quick disclaimer before we start, this was the first bond movie to be shot in panavision with a super wide aspect ratio. so i'm afraid you're going to have to live with black bars at the top and the bottom of the screen. sorry. the film starts with a pre-credit sequence, and this follows agent james bond attending the funeral of colonel jacques muvar, a spectre agent who had murdered two british agents. the funeral ends, and bond follows bouvard's widow back to her chateau. there, he discovers that the supposed widow is actually bhuvar in disguise. bond ambushes him and the two fight. eventually, though, on gets the better of him and he kills bubar using a fire poker. after this, bond is chased by bubar's henchman, but he manages to escape using a jet pack. in real life, this very cool bit of kit was flown by an engineer called bill souter, who was one of only two people in the world qualified to use it. [Music] on then escapes in his aston martin db5, and we're into the credits. we then fade into paris, where criminal organization spectre are holding a meeting regarding operative emilio largo's plan. this involves holding nato ransom by hijacking two atomic bombs from an raf plane. to do this, spectre agent count lippy recruits angelo palazzi to oversee the theft of the bombs. [Music], they give palazzi plastic surgery to make his face identical to that of a french air force pilot who's assisting in a training exercise using the plane, expect to then kill the real pilot while he's staying at the shrublands health resort. angelo then arrives at the raf pace and is accepted onto the mission. he boards the plane and uses nerve gas to kill the crew. he then flies the bomber to the bahamas. there, he lands the plane in shallow reforters and rendezvouses with largo, who's aboard his yacht. while the bombs are being recovered by frogmen, largo has angelo murdered. a cool fact here, while spector divers are retrieving the two atomic bombs from the plane, you can clearly see the phrase handle like eggs in amongst the technical data. at the shrublands health resort, james bond is recuperating after his previous mission there, he notices count lippy's presence, finding him suspicious, he keeps him under surveillance. and it's whilst doing that that he discovers the body of the french pilot. bond tries to urgently report this back to his superiors in london, but finds himself targeted by lippy for trying to interfere. lippy tries to kill bond, but he's killed by spectre instead for nearly jeopardizing the mission. [Music], bond returns to london, where he learns that all agents are being put on high alert following the theft of the bombs. the government then learned that a major city in the usa or the uk. will be destroyed unless 100 million dollars is paid to spectre in seven days. the mission to return the bombs is being dubbed operation thunderball, as this is the military term used by u.s soldiers to describe the mushroom clouds seen during the testing of atomic bombs. hence its use as the operation name, as well as the movie's title, because this will be the result of specter detonating stolen bombs. [Music], bond talks with head of secret service, m about his assignment, and during the meeting, he requests he'd be assigned to nassau in the bahamas to contact the dead pilot's sister, domino. after recognizing the pilot from a photo given to the agents in their main briefing as the body he found at the resort on then flies to nassau. and there, while reef diving, he meets domino, who's got her foot stuck in coral. bond frees her, and they swim back to his boat where she thanks him. the two then go off to have lunch together, but domino announces that she has to leave later that evening at a casino. bond learns that she is the mistress of largo. bond exploits this connection to get close to largo. the two meet for lunch where they recognize each other as adversaries. on realizing that largo must be responsible for the atomic kidnapping, and largo realizing that bond is on to him. this begins an extensive cat and mouse game in which bond attempts to spy on largo, who in turn tries to assassinate bond. while in person, they still pretend to be ignorant of each other's motives. because of this situation, bond meets with cia agent, felix lighter, and mi6's gadget master q q, gives bond specialist equipment to help find the bombs, including an underwater camera and a miniature underwater breathing device. under the cover of darkness, bond scuba dives out to lagos yacht, the disco volante. whilst there, he notices a large underwater hatch on the boat's underside. bond is then attacked by one of largo's frogmen, but manages to kill him and evade capture. the next day, with all that's going on, bond and lighter surmise that the bombs must be nearby. they head out in a helicopter to try and find the wreckage of the plane. and they eventually find it camouflaged underwater. bond dives down to the plane where he discovers that the bombs are missing. and whilst there, he also finds the body of angelo palazzi. bond and lighter returned to nassau, where bond meets with domino at the beach. fun fact that, in keeping with her name, domino's clothes are always black and white. during the film, we discover that domino has fallen in love with bonn and the two kiss whilst swimming together. they return to the beach, and there, bond reveals to domino that her brother was killed by largo. this turns domino against largo, and she agrees to help bond by searching the disco vallante with a geiger counter. however, whilst doing this, largo catches her in the act and has her imprisoned in one of the cabins. meanwhile, bond infiltrates the ranks of largo's men and kills one of them. this allows him to replace one of the divers. spectre then prepares to move the bombs into position for detonation. on travels with largo's men to where the bombs are being kept, and manages to learn where one of them is being moved to before being forced to escape. spectre's target city is miami. and the bomb is taken aboard the discoveralante to within striking distance. bond is picked up by felix, and the pair travel with the us. navy to intercept the disco vallante and recover the bomb. [Music]. navy divers then attack largo's men. a massive and extensive underwater battle then ensues. it is actually thought that the many underwater scenes in this film stem from producer kevin mcclaury's interest in diving. personally, i think this is what makes the movie stale, as this large battle really does drag out for quite a long time. [Music] one decides to go after largo, and he manages to grab hold of the disco vallante as she sheds her rear half and transforms into a high-speed hydrophile to try and escape the battle. bond manages to climb aboard and he attacks largo and his men. bond manages to fight off most of them, but he's unable to incapacitate largo before he draws a gun on bond. he looks set to shoot him when domino appears, having escaped. she shoots a bolt from a co2 gun into largo's back, which kills him. by this time, the disco valente is heading uncontrollably towards a reef. bond and domino managed to jump clear seconds before it's destroyed. [Music] the two make their way to a life raft, and the screen fades to black with bond and domino being airlifted to safety. thank you so much for watching 10 minute movies. i really tried to get the audio right for this one, so i hope it was better than last episode. if you've enjoyed this video, you can check one out just like it by clicking in the middle and don't forget to subscribe for more videos like it. see you all later. 