okay, so pretty much every comic book story stars an orphan. having dead parents seems to be a prerequisite to being a superhero. so it's nice that invincible breaks the mold and gives us a loving and generous father in omni wait, what the hell is he doing? well, it turns out that omniman is one of the biggest super villains ever, viewing human life as something weak and meaningless. omniman has no problem wiping people out in their thousands just to prove a point. and he even refers to the woman he loves as nothing more than a pet. he's pretty much what would happen if homelander had a baby with breitbart. and the guy is one of the worst super powered people that you could ever come across. so what should you do if you're ever in a fight with him, or just so happen to be unlucky enough to be on a train that he's forcing his son's face through? well, i can't help much with the last one, but in this video, we're gonna be discussing the characters weaknesses, whilst also giving our plan of attack on how to take him down. full spoilers ahead, as well as some parts of the comics that the show hasn't got to yet. so if you don't want anything ruined, then i recommend that you check out now. if you enjoy the video, then please smash the thumbs up button, and don't forget to subscribe for breakdowns like this each and every day. without the way, a huge thank you for clicking this. now let's get into how to beat omniman. okay, so veltromites are pretty the race comes from a planet of supremacists, in which only the strong were allowed to survive, and all the weak were killed off to make way for them. selective breeding and eugenics shaped them to be the strongest beings in the universe. and because of this, they have a number of abilities. veltromites possess super strength, can fly, hold their breath in space for two weeks, and also grow a dashing mustache that would make henry cavill in justice league jealous. i wonder who this guy is based on. now, they also become stronger the older they get, and their rate of aging slows to a crawl, meaning that they can live for thousands and thousands of years, all while still looking middle aged. however, they do have one big weakness. and in the comics, cecil stedman discovers what this is. after his battle with his father. mark is severely comatosed, and cecil ends up studying the character in order to uncover a way to defeat him should he ever go rogue. it's real that veltromites have highly sensitive ears. and when cecil ends up enlisting mark to work alongside him, he gives the character an inner ear communicator. on the surface, this just seems like something that he will use to keep in touch with him, but he actually has far more nefarious plans. the device can also emit a high-end frequency that completely destroys mark's equilibrium, and this knocks him off balance. now, because both mark and nolan existed on earth for a long time, they also share a common weakness that we all have. in episode 8, it's revealed that in america's drinking water, there is a certain chemical which means a range of light is imperceptible to both our eyes and the veltromites. this means that cecil can hide certain things from mark. and before launching his attack on the character, he actually takes him to the white room before unleashing the rihanna men on him. cecil hammers the high frequency alarm, and this causes mark to be almost completely paralyzed. the rihanna men begin to kick the crap out of him. and though he escapes and flies across the planet, cecil uses his teleportation device to follow him, setting the device off every step of the way. this is a key part of our plan. so just in case you haven't prepared to fight him yet, then i suggest you set 40 billion dollars to the side to build such a device. now, mark manages to make it to the guardians of the globe, who are furious to discover that cecil has done them dirtier than fredo corleone. this is how mark manages to beat cecil. but it could have played out a lot worse for the character. now in the veltromite war, we see several of their other weaknesses play out. and not to get too spoilery, but one does die by being tossed into the sun. so there's there's another one for you there. just make sure you've got a sun lying around. now, on top of this, we also learn of something called the scourge virus, which is basically a virus that wipes out 99.9 percent of all the veltromites. it's so powerful that humans don't stand a chance against it. and it's one of the most dangerous diseases in the entire universe. at one point in the comics, mark actually gets infected by this and leads to him losing his powers. now he survives because he's a pure blood that's connected to the royal dynasty. but by that very thinking, nolan is too. thus we can completely remove almost all of his powers with this viral strain and leave him as weak as that one guy who thumbs down every video the minute after it's released. you know who you are. yeah, you loser. now, interestingly, when nolan first came to earth and encountered cecil, he told him the bs story about beltrum, which stated that it was a peaceful planet intent on doing good things throughout the galaxy. at the time, cecil and the gda actually suspected that this was a lie, but they didn't put any contingency plans in place, purely because earth needed a protector. i think that this is where cecil could have actually started to formulate something that would have been key to defeating nolan. and in our plans, it's the starting point. now, after fighting the guardians of the globe, i say fighting was, it was pretty one-sided. the character was left hospitalized whilst his body healed. this would have been the perfect opportunity to study his dna and discover the high frequency weakness that all veltromites have. unable to move, you could inject a device into his head, much like how cecil did with mark, that would allow you to trigger the high frequency noise that pretty much disables veltromites across the board. after throwing an exploding house in kaiju at him, you could then lure the character to the white room, and in here, move silently. now we do see through the rihanna men that using the same light technology here, that it is possible to turn yourself invisible, though never explicitly stated, it's likely that cecil's security guards too have this within their uniforms, and this is how they are able to operate undetected. in fact, when they're in nolan's home, up until he suspects something is up, he has no idea they're moving amongst the furniture. and possessing this technology would be the key to bringing him down in the white room. you yeah, i'm talking to you. you wouldn't want to take any chances that he might sniff you out. and it's at this point that i'd suggest you activate the inner ear implant that would have him looking like your uncle knobhead dancing at a wedding, whilst mark escaped through the ceiling in order to get away. if i was you, i would teleport out of the white room at this point and unleash the scourge virus, which would disable his powers and abilities. the virus would be contained completely because of this. and it also would mean that you wouldn't get infected. now i think the big issue in cecil's plan is that he constantly threw things at the character, instead of focusing on weakening him before unleashing his armada. because we can't toss omniman into the sun. we need a way to bring the sun to us. and thus it's at this point that you should unleash the satellite, which has been channeling the energy of the star in order to weaponize it. firing this laser at the white room would not only kill nolan, but it would also destroy everything inside of it, including the skurge virus, meaning that you don't get another 2020 and let's be honest, uh, most of 2021 it has been pretty crap as well. now, nolan would finally be dead at this point, and you could relax knowing that you'd save not only the entire planet, but also that debbie was single. hey, get yourself away. well, it's that plan. it's amazing. yeah, it's foolproof and the best way to kill the character. there's also another one that having talked about, which would work amazingly. just give him pictures of spider-man, yeah. and that should calm him right down. now, obviously, i'd love to hear how you'd beat nolan. so comment below and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize draw on the 30th of may, in which we're giving away three copies of the godzilla vs kung collection. all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on how to beat nolan. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter at heavyspoilers if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of our season 2 predictions, which will be linked on screen right now, we've gone over the comic that was shown at the ending of episode 8, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. by the way, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been poor. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 