hi. so this movie is so quiet I could hear the movie playing next door. this movie is so quiet I heard someone's digestive system in the movie functioning. it's so quiet I had to open my can of soda when I got home. that's kind of the beauty of it. I know the most people, Jim from the office is always going to be Jim from the office. and I don't know if this movie's gonna change that. I mean, my home, he's been trying real hard, auditioning for the toughest roles he can find, but he's always gonna be this to me. however, his directorial debut gets a solid jr. price from me, since it's a movie that deserves to be experienced in theaters if people knew how to shut up. let me explain. so the year is 2020, and the whole world has pretty much been taken over by these gamma corrigan, big, weird-looking monsters that feast on their prey just by hearing them out. and that's why the entire world has pretty much turned into this gigantic library. John Krasinski's family has survived, along with a little hint that there's other communities out there. who light up their matches during Twilight, except for this one kid right here, who's the youngest of the bunch, who decided to shop at Toys R Us for the closing sale. and he gets got because of this Rockets. even after that incident, John still decides to knock off his wife, knowing the dangers that it can cause. but I mean, let's be blunt, Emily's hot. I thought it was interesting that he cast his own life in real life to actually play the role, because it automatically gives him chemistry. but what I thought was a very altered decision was to cast his real-life pet monster as the monster in the movie. on top of that, the girl who plays the daughter is actually defin real-life like she is in the movie. and she just leaves me wonder struck with all of her performances, especially when you realize that this girl looks just like joel edgerton. like they need to get her this other dude and joel to play a family of three in a movie and explain the monster, because I'm sure that that's what a lot of people want to know more about. we got to take a little sneak peek at John's crazy conspiracy notes going on here, as we figure out that there's at least three that are near him. they're known as fallen or dark angels, alluding to the fact that they're aliens that fell from the sky who scoped out earth just by hearing them out. and considering that we have so much noise pollution, they pretty much just came here and started feasting on us. some have tried connecting it to Cloverfield, since it is a Paramount movie and it has a similar aesthetic to 10 Cloverfield Lane. and I guess you can, since paradox pretty much said that any monster movie can just be a parallel universe Cloverfield movie, and this one maybe is, and it just so happens to take place in Scranton. you can see the metaphor of the movie as being about parenting, since the two remaining kids want to swap roles, and the parents kind of got to deal with that giving birth to a child is dangerous at any point in time. mine isn't being the apocalypse. and because we live in a world where you got to teach your kids that if you say anything, anything at all, damn vultures on the internet will come and eat you up. you can kind of connect it. now, I think it is a theater experience because of the sound, right? should the music have been as loud, considering that there was a big emphasis on it being a quiet place? should these dudes be stamping their hands all around and making loud noises to scare the audience when they know it should be a quiet place? but I thought story-wise, it was touching that the dads sacrificed towards the end of the movie, that his creation for his daughter, the hearing aid, ends up being the thing that saves them, as the frequencies in her earpiece are what kills these beings, that her and her mom get locked and loaded to take out the other two creatures. and we assume, as the movie ends, that are gonna use all the dad's leftover gadgets to create this huge doggy whistle frequency thing, and that way they can take back the earth, and, you know, do the complete opposite of the title. so whether you think this movie is about parenting, whether you think it's about survival or dealing with the Internet, there's no doubt that the main message you can get out of this movie is that sometimes you should just be you. 