[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and it's time to break down the killer game of hide and seek with the release of ready or not, rolling out across the US. throughout this video, I'll be discussing everything that you need to know about the film's ending, the history of the mysterious characters in it, as well as the rules of the game. this is heavy spoilers ahead. so if you haven't had a chance to watch the movie yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now, ready or not, let's get into my breakdown of ready or not. yeah, jokes. that jokes. probably one of the worst ones I've ever done. I'm sorry. anyway, ready or not follows grace, a bride who seemingly hasn't made after marrying into the extremely wealthy family known as late ammas. grace is, of course, over the moon, and she and her new husband look like they've got it set for life. however, on the night of the wedding, grace discovers that in order to join the family, fully, she must participate in a deadly game of hide and seek. and things soon turned violent. the rules are simple. it's part of the family's tradition. grace must survive until dawn to become part of their collective we discover that this is a long-running ritual that was established by their great grandfather, Victor, later Mass and it involves placing a blank card into a special box that will then announce what game has to be played by the family's newest member. the box isn't always evil, and the majority of the time, it will imprint something slightly less sinister, such as snakes and ladders, or maybe kerplunk. that was a good one, wasn't it? mousetrap as well. that that would have been a great movie. anyway, with grace, it chooses hide and seek. and after getting a head start, this becomes a deadly game of cat and mouse, with the family trying to track her down and return her to the family room where they will carry out a human sacrifice. until it's prophesized that if the family failed to get grace, then they will die in horrendous deaths, which happens throughout the film. and some very over-the-top moments. according to the rules, Alex graces husband is not allowed to help out in any form, though this rule is broken by the end of the game, which I'll get into later. as for the family themselves, their rice began in the 18th century. and their great-grandfather, Victor, received the black magic box that we see used in the game from a very mysterious figure known as mr. LaBelle. Victor not only beat LaBelle in a game of chance to gain the box, but he also was given the insight as to how to earn a vast fortune from board games and so on. land amass are a very superstitious law and they believe that if they do not participate in the games, then their fortunes will disappear, which has forced them to carry out several murders in the past. mr. LaBelle, the mysterious figure that is so tightly tied to the family, apparently will appear in the family room during the final ritual. and it's strongly suggested that this Specter may be a demon or even the devil himself. during the movie, the family hunt grace throughout their expensive mansion and eventually capture her and return her to the family room to carry out the ritual. the family's care that they will all perish if they don't sacrifice her to mr. LeBell. begin to enact it. however, one of the members, daniel, Brees her before he is then killed by his own wife. Becky, the mother of Alex, attempts to kill grace, which doesn't work out too well for her. and Alex watches on with a choice. he can either save his wife and kill his mother, or make sure the ritual is completed and that the family is saved. he seemingly chooses the latter. however, during the part in which he has to stab her through the heart, he instead goes for her shoulder, ruining the ritual, which causes the curse to come to fruition, and each one of them dies, spraying blood and guts everywhere. we see a brief glimpse of mr. LeBell, who clearly has come to collect on the family. and it looks like that the superstition wasn't so silly after all. Alex himself doesn't even get to survive. and hilariously, he too explodes right after grace say she wants a divorce, which leaves her as the only survivor. in the end, the police arrive at the mansion to find it on fire and grace completely covered in blood. though she definitely will have to explain all the circumstances, there is a possibility that she will be able to prove that they hunted her throughout the night and that she chewed her recent marriage will inherit the entire fortune of the family, making this end on a slightly happier ending than what could have been in the end. already or not is an awesome, fun black comedy that shows just how much diversity that horror movies can have. couple this with the recent alligator movie crawl, and you have some awesome under-the-radar horror films that show 2019 still has some surprises left. the movie is a blast from beginning to end, and I loved watching this deadly game of hide and seek play out on screen and an awesome manner that really grabbed my attention throughout. ready or not is incredible, and I definitely recommend that he give it a watch if you get the chance to this weekend. obviously, I'd love to see your thoughts on the film, and if there's anything that you took from the movie that I missed, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and make sure you check out my breakdown of every time that Pennywise was in the background of the horror movie. it innit. I got over all of the scenes that the character appeared hidden in, and it's definitely worth checking out if you missed them. if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books, then you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully i see you over there after this. also, just wanna let you know that we're giving away a free copy of John wick 3 on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts, on ready or not, in the comments section below. the winner will be chosen at random on September the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then to ever get surprise. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 