a Jack Russell Terrier named max lives with his owner Katy in a Manhattan apartment. while she is at work during the day, he hangs out with other pets in the building, a tabby cat named Chloe, a pug named Mel a dashing named buddy and a bird named Sweet Pea. one day, Katy adopts Duke, a large Newfoundland mix, from the pound, leaving max jealous because of her divided focus on Duke. enraged by Max's attitude towards him, Duke tries to abandon Max in an alley, but they are both attacked by cats, led by Sphinx cat Ozone, who removes both dogs colors and leaves them to be caught by animal control. Duke fears that he will be killed if he goes back to the pound. when gidget, a white Pomeranian who was not so secretly in love with max, discovers that he is missing, she decides to find him. Max and Duke are rescued by a white rabbit named snowball, the leader of the flushed pets, a gang of feral sewer-dwelling animals who hate humans because their owners mistreated and abandoned them. after Max and Duke pretend to despise humans as much as they do by saying they killed their owners. the flushed pets invite them to join. before they can prove their loyalty by allowing a one Fang Viper to bite them, snowball learns from the cats that max and Duke are tamed. the two dogs escaped the sewers and board a ferry to Brooklyn, inadvertently killing the Viper in the process. snowball vows to kill them and leads the flush pets after them. meanwhile, Gidget recruits a red-tailed hawk named Tiberius to find max, but he mistakenly locates Ozone, whom Gidget coerces into telling what he knows about the dogs. they then enlist Mel buddy, Chloe, a guinea pig named Norman and sweet Pete. on the way, they meet pops, an old basset hound, who helps Gidget and the pets find max. Gidget and her team encounters snowball, who vows to kill them as well, and Norman is captured as the rest of digit steam flees. in the meantime, max and Duke raid a sausage factory for food. while there, Luke tells max about his previous owner, Fred, an elderly man who adopted him as a puppy and loved spending time with him. one day, Duke got lost while chasing a butterfly and was caught by Animal Control. the Fred never came to claim him. max convinces him to visit Fred's house in a nearby neighborhood, confident Fred will still love and take him back. when they arrived at Fred's house, they learned from the resident cat, Reginald, that fred has died. heartbroken, Duke accuses max of attempting to get rid of him, and barks at the new homeowners who have just returned to the house and called animal control. the handlers catch max, but Duke interferes long enough for max to escape and ends up being captured instead. while trying to rescue Duke, as he follows the animal control van, Max is attacked by snowball, who tries to kill him. however, when his gang is captured, snowball realizes that he and Max must work together to rescue them. they drive a city bus into the van on the Brooklyn Bridge, stopping traffic. the flushed pets and circle max, unaware of his partnership with snowball, but Gidget and her team save him. upon seeing Gidget using her kung-fu fighting skills, max starts to fall in love with her. the van gets stuck in scaffolding, and the flushed pets escape. as soon as max gets the keys to duke's cage, the van plummets into the East River with him inside. max is unable to free Duke, so snowball jumps into the river to retrieve the keys, allowing them to escape the sinking van. the entire group returns to the apartment block by pig driven taxi. max expresses his love for Gidget, who returns his affection. snowball and the flush pets then come up with a new plan to annihilate all humans. but a little girl named Molly arrives and adopts snowball. and the remaining flush pets return to the sewers. at first, snowball resists, but gives in and lets himself become a domesticated pet. the other pets returned to their homes and embraced their owners. and max and Duke finally reunite with Katie, speaking a true friendship as brothers in a post-credits scene, buddy and mal show up in costume at a party hosted by a poodle named Leonard. Leonard's owner returns, and a pig named tattoo crashes to the floor on the chandelier. [Music]. 