Oh. after watching the midseason finale of The Walking Dead, I'm still dumbfounded as to why this remains one of TV's most popular shows. now I'm not gonna overly bash it or fill my discussion with puns like the boring dead. do you see what I did there? but it has to be said that it certainly feels that a show sent in around walking has run out of Road. having been a fan from the star, I was overwhelmed with how good the first season was. it perfectly depicted a post-apocalyptic world overrun by the undead and possessed the human side within that few shows have managed to match. like many fans, I became enthralled in the storyline and fell in love with its characters. and even though it's struggled to maintain its quality, I stood by it like a parent who knows the marriage isn't working, but hangs around for the kid, basically like Laurie in season 2. featuring a lackluster set of seasons such as 4, 5 &amp; 6, many viewers decided to jump back on board with season 7, after a heralded the introduction of negan, the new cold-blooded killer with a bigger boner for the bat than the Joker. he was legendary in the comics. here a shake of the show and alter the stale dynamics, potentially knocking it out of the park. however, after critical panning and outcry from fans, it seems that the show is struggling to recapture the love that many viewers, like myself, once had. I believe this is down to the episode formula of depicting an event and then showing every characters perspective of it over the course of six to eight episodes, no matter how uneventful or and interesting it is. upon the opening of season 6, we saw the episode structure break the mold and focus around the group escorting zombies away from their home in order to remain safe. each episode followed a different characters view of the events, and they helped to build tension around the fate of Glenn, a beloved character that had mysteriously disappeared during the outbreak. working expertly, it eased his fate and became the Schrodinger's cat of Reddit. van't theories on Izzi slash, isn't he alive? I absolutely love this aesthetic, and the right has carried it off in such a way that a kept viewers coming back time and time again seeking the answer to his end. obviously, when something is this successful, creators and Studios want to replicate it. and like many TV shows, The Walking Dead has become a victim of its own success. blast forward to now, and we get the same episode structure, but there is about as much going on. it's one of Gabriel Sunday services. what annoyed me most about season eight was the fact that it had been billed as all-out war. however, when you look at the overarching events, very little has happened. once again, focusing on a specific day from multiple perspectives, we are stuck reliving the same moments over and over with very little added to the overall narrative. the show has become Groundhog Day. what was so great about those initial seasons is that the pace was so fast that they should have called it the running dead. about shut up now. okay, a promise. we went from major event to major event with no idea who would make in who wouldn't. time passed in the blink of an eye, and before we knew it, the survivors, with shadows of their former selves, altered by the new world, they became macca, valiant villains who would move heaven and earth just to live another day. time within this world allowed them to grow quicker than Carol's hair, and the show was better for it. by season 8, we see the same day from different perspectives. and whilst many could argue that this actually helps the audience intertwine with the characters on a personal level, I believe it does the opposite, stunting them within a single moment, the characters are unable to really break free and evolve. seeing Rick attack negan's followers one episode and Carol do the same the next at a different camp, there's nothing overall for the story. and his ads repetitive beats that become less exciting the more frequently they happen. I don't need to know what is going on with Mackey. as an attack is being launched. she is not a witness to it. I don't need to know about his \xc3\xa9coles forces being wiped out. they are not people I care about. the show is pitted as a battle between negan and Rick, and that should be its focus, not the battle before told in seven slightly different ways. fact of the matter is, the last two seasons could have been summed up in a couple of episodes. Glenn dies, the group becomes slaves, they break free, negan goes down. that's it. in season one and two, the tension between Rick and Shane was far more palpable and anything that has happened in season a. and similar to this, I say that I'm doing the show seems to just dot around the diatribe rather than getting to the point. I would love the show to go back to a single, unified group living the event together as one, growing as a team. it would allow us not only to have a brisker story, it would also avoid the repetitiveness of seeing the same moment from a different angle. imagine if there was a movie you watched there, enjoyed it and took everything from it that you could. would it not be a waste of time to rewatch that movie shot from a different camera angle, with the same beats and storyline? that is what the Walking Dead has become, and why I struggle to enjoy it. I don't really see how this show will end with a satisfying conclusion. and if it continues on this path, then it's walking's way to a dead and look, never mind. so in conclusion, please write those show as one event move on. that's all I ask for my sanity and for the sake of the show, please don't let us have a rotten corpse. as one of the most popular shows on television. I'm desperate for you to give us a satisfying finale, but I just do not see how, when you use this mold, that is going to be able to be accomplished. I really hope that you can, but I doubt it. please bring it back to life if you want to survive. yeah, I'm not proud of myself. but thank you for checking out my video essay on The Walking Dead's perspective problems. I hope you enjoyed this video. and if you did, please like it. if you didn't, please dislike it and write a comment, yeah, saying why you didn't, because that helped me out quite a lot. and I really appreciate you taking the time to put some feedback into this. I love it if you subscribe to my channel, as I'll do videos like this all the time on movies, games, TV and comics. and if you want to check out my website for the full written review, the links in the description. thanks very much. take care. peace. 