[Music], what is up? youtube. it's your girl evelyn. and i am back with the season 4, episode 4 recap of winona earp. as always, there will be spoilers, so proceed with caution. after being officially black badged, at the end of episode 3, wynonna finds herself face to face with naomi haicha, dvd's newest deputy assistant director. and naomi knows nothing. apparently, the former bbd kept extremely sparse files, and the clueless naomi believes wynonna is just another run-of-the-mill bbd agent. and now that purgatory's crawling with demons, black badge needs all the help they can get. but before wynonna can tell her to kick rocks, our boy jeremy shows up and convinces wynonna to play along with this newer, less evil version of bbd. wynonna eventually agrees, and jeremy gives her a plasma gun and her first assignment find out who's been hijacking bbd supply trucks. but before taking off, wynonna discovers a rock in her pocket engraved with a strange symbol. she assumes it's a bbd surveillance device, and tosses it, which was probably a bad idea, because we then glimpse a photo of winona being covered with blood as something breaks free from its chains. meanwhile, back at the homestead, waverly is preparing a detailed powerpoint presentation about the current state of affairs in purgatory. unfortunately, no one shows up. doc's busy extorting eamonn, the owner of the glory hole. wynonna is busy playing with her black badge buddies. and rachel is a teenager. thankfully, nicole is present and ready to give waverly her full attention. i don't want to go in while way hot. get frisky. rachel meets up with billy, her boyfriend, who's not really her boyfriend, but like, totally her boyfriend. after swapping some random items, because the bartering system has made a comeback, billy tries to kiss rachel, but she's not quite ready for that level of intimacy. but she does invite herself to billy's house for dinner, and surprisingly, she gets swerved. rachel thinks it's because billy is embarrassed about living on a junkyard, but billy cryptically tells her that things are sad at his place. back at the homestead, nicole and waverly are enjoying some post-coital bliss when waverly brings up her proposal from last season, you know, the one nicole hasn't accepted yet. nicole tries to distract waverly from marriage talk with another round of lovemaking, but the two are interrupted by rachel because they're having sex in the middle of the kitchen. but all rachel cares about is getting next to billy in his junkyard. she suggests that the junkyard would be a great place to search for peacemaker. you guys remember peacemaker? wynonna's magical gun that sent revenants to hell until it was turned into a magical sword by bolshar and used to open the garden of eden, and then it just kinda disappeared. the ladies hit the junkyard and waverly has a close encounter with whatever the heck this thing is. except waverly can't see the creature, and neither can nicole, but margot, billy's mother, can. it also becomes apparent that margot and nicole share a secret. and margot tells nicole that she's still waiting for what she's owed elsewhere in the junkyard. rachel confesses her crush to billy, and billy responds by telling her she needs to leave now. a heartbroken rachel grabs her two moms and hightails it back to the homestead. meanwhile, wynonna and her bbd partner, simon, are undercover. they're driving a truck full of supplies when they run over a spike strip laid out by the crafty robber. simon immediately jets, but wynonna and her plasma gun stay to investigate. she catches doc red-handed, and the two have a fight. doc doesn't trust bbd, and doesn't think wynonna should either. winona wants doc to stop stealing the town's supplies, so she handcuffs herself to one of the crates. before realizing that simon has the keys, doc goes to fetch some tools to free winona. and while he's gone, wynonna finds yet another engraved rock in her pocket. finally realizing that something supernatural is at play, she texts a photo of the rock to waverly and asks her to investigate the symbol. but waverly's research might be too late, because the nasty looking creature shows up and tries to kill wynonna. the creature breaks winona's cuffs while trying to attack her, and wynonna jets with the creature on her heels. back at the homestead, billy shows up unannounced, but not to apologize. instead, he dumps rachel, who, at that moment, finds a rock in her jacket pocket. except it's not her jacket, it's winona's. waverly's research confirms that the engraved symbol is actually a cattle brand used by the clantons, an infamous cattle wrestling family who hated white earth. and turns out the clantons aren't purgatory. a quick check-in with wynonna reveals that things are going badly, very badly. thankfully, doc finds her and they shoot the creature, but it doesn't die. back at the barn, things are getting freaky when billy sees rachel's rock, he flips out, inserts a pair of pliers in his mouth and rips out a molar. then he says some weird stuff that no one understands. but out in the woods, the creature immediately stops chasing doc and winona. billy then fills the ladies in on what's really going on. billy is a clanton, and so is sheriff holt, claiborne and the booty stabbing magistrate cleo. in fact, cleo and holt are billy siblings. and the creature is a reaper, a hunter that only appears to its targets, which is why waverly and nicole couldn't see it. and its targets are identified by the cattle branded rocks. the clantons control the reapers. but billy's not about that life. so he used his one covenant to save rachel's life, which actually saved wynonna's life. after billy's explainer, he kisses rachel goodbye and goes off to die or something. when wynonna and doc return to the homestead, rachel realizes that billy sacrificed himself, and she wants to save him, but winona's like, i don't know who this man is. i mean, he could be walking down the street, i wouldn't, i wouldn't know a thing. sorry to this man. back at the junkyard, the clanton kids are home, and margot is pissed at cleo. turns out the reapers aren't just reapers, they're clantons. and margot is appalled that cleo used their ancestors like attack dogs, because it was cleo who initially sick the reaper on wynonna in the first place. the abusive margot sticks her finger into cleo's wound until she cries, and then some more. but cleo's not the only one who faces margo's wrath. poor billy is chained up out back and turned into a reaper. after the close call with the reaper, wynonna comes clean to the new bbd. she tells them who she really is and demands the reinstatement of her scooby gang, including jeremy. and we can't forget the weird, secret vibe between nicole and margo. apparently, during those infamous 18 months, nicole asked for margo's help to locate the gang, and in return, margot gave nicole a jar full of hair and sticks. nicole gives margo the jar back, insisting that it did nothing. let's just say margot disagrees. and that is it for the recap. thank you guys so much for watching. don't forget to subscribe for more. winona herb and i'll see you next week. 