they can tell us we're crazy, and we can say, well, you haven't seen anything yet, because there are things. glass is the sequel to both unbreakable and split, that is set to release later this month. it ties together the M night Shyamalan superhero trilogy that started with David Dunne discovering his powers before all the personalities within Kevin crumb finally manifested within the Beast. at the end of split, we saw a scene that teased the two facing off against each other. and glass sees the culmination of this. the titular character is, of course, mr. glass, played perfectly by samuel l.jackson in unbreakable. in that film, we followed super-powered David Dunn as he was slowly mented by his opposite, mr. glass, who had very fragile bones that led to a lot of breaks within his life. at the end of the film, glass was arrested when it was discovered by Dunn, who has the ability to see people's pasts, that glass had caused several tragedies in order to find gun. the upcoming film centers around glass attempting to manipulate Krum into believing that he is a God. and that he needs to bring balance to a broken world, class once the population of the world to witness the super-powered beings that live among them. and he's using chrome to deliver this message. this, of course, follows up on unbreakable, in which glass informed David that he was super-powered. and we will see the effect repeat here. this is why crumb is seen kidnapping girls in the trailer. he is in service to bringing balance. and this obviously will throw him into a head-on collision with Dunn. juxtaposing this, dr. le staple, played by Sarah Paulsen, is attempting to convince the characters that they are ordinary, which, again, follows the opposites aesthetic that was so prevalent in unbreakable. in the trailer, staple states, my work concerns a particular type of delusion of grandeur. it's a growing field. I specialize in those individuals who believe they are superheroes. the three of you have convinced yourselves you have extraordinary gifts, like something out of a comic book. this highlights the biggest thing I think will be prevalent in the film, and that is that Shamma. Lamma is building his own shared superhero universe, similar to the MCU. now, there may be some heavy spoilers here, so if you don't want to know anything about the film's ending, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. as this has been confirmed by several sources, so you have been warned. but in the film's ending, apparently, all of the characters are said to die in an epic climax. this then forces the world to acknowledge that superheroes exist, and that those with abilities will step forward and start a new trilogy that focuses on the aftermath of their faceoff. obviously, this is all the rumors at the moment, but it has been confirmed by quite reputable news sources. of course, we will find out in the coming weeks whether this is true or not. I'd love to hear your thoughts and predictions on what you think will happen in the movie, or if you have any extra information, so make sure to leave that in the comments below. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the latest watchmen teaser trailer, which will be linked at the end of this video. this is the channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 