welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead world beyond episode two. at the end of episode one, iris was just about to kill her first zombie, which they call empties. but, uh, she does a terrible job. there's no excuse for this. she's literally had a class on zombie killing and still cannot manage to hit this thing in the head. the only way she could possibly lose to this one zombie is if she falls into the ditch with it. i thought for a second she was gonna die right here, and this whole show was a hilarious joke. but no, she survived. and even with the zombie totally at her mercy, she still can't actually kill it. they decide to just leave it there. the adults are on their trail trying to bring him home. felix and huck, they're not dating, though, they're just best friends. in fact, felix is gay. in this episode, we get his backstory of how his father kicked him out, but when the zombie apocalypse happened, he tried to come home, and they're like, no, we'd rather have zombies than a gay son. this mission brings felix close to his childhood home, where his homophobic dad is still shuffling around. he's gonna kill a zombie. dad get some catharsis, but the door is locked, so i guess he just doesn't. meanwhile, the kids find another fun zombie. this one's filled with bees. well, they have another close encounter where elton also pathetically fails to kill a zombie. silas is coming up. he's got his big wrench, but, oh, he chickens out too. can't do it. they just run away. they spend the night in a tree house. they found a bowling ball that belonged to big mo, so they play the most boring game i could possibly imagine. someone needs to give these kids an xbox. the zombie from before has followed them here, so they try to drop big mo on it, but still fail to kill it. but that night, hope can't sleep. she has her childhood trauma of killing elton's mom, so channel that into some zombie killing rage. but no, she is perhaps the most pathetic of them all. instead of just stabbing this thing easily in the head, she keeps backtracking to the pool where she, oh, falls in. god, these kids do not deserve to survive the zombie apocalypse anyway, they make it to a big obstacle, a landmark called the blaze of gory because it's a big tire fire with a bunch of zombies in it. and for nonsensical television reasons, they can't go around. they have to go through. now, iris is a huge optimist, believes the world will recover one day. but her sister, hope, ironically, has no hope for the future. she talks to elton, he was a huge dinosaur nerd, and also believes that this is humanity's extinction event. this vibe is supposed to resonate, i guess, with the youth of today, because it does feel sometimes like civilization is collapsing. in any case, elton calls them the endlings, the last of a species. and hope thinks that's kind of cool. so our crew's got a sweet new name. so the endlings are trying to sneak through this junkyard. and even though they get surrounded by zombies, they somehow manage to not kill a single one. improbably they all make it out of there alive. but turns out they didn't make it out, they just made it to the center. now, if one of them sounds the tornado siren. it would distract the zombies, allowing the other three to pass through. but that one would be sacrificing themselves. they decided to sleep on it. but hope can't sleep again. yeah, she's going out there to sound the siren. and that's how episode 2 comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button. i'm doing the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, hit the join button. support the channel as a member. 