hope again. let me stop my saying in 1958, this behavior, stalking, creeping, following, was considered abnormal. today we just call it social media. the Stars if I'm moving today. ah, mr. Smith, Miss Ellie Ewing, and the woman with the man with the gold knob, blue a store. begins with an older, less attractive George Bailey, who, as a result of being less attractive, is still single, chasing somebody who doesn't do something bad. and as a result of being older, he just can't land in this mouth everybody looks down. his brain does some monkey to him, which means he can't reach for his cop buddy's hand. calls and said, cop buddy, default is death. the end not ain't earned. some time later, we meet Mitch, who would have been more than happy to marry old George. Jimmy, Johnny's got it. Ferguson, she designs over the shoulder Boulder holders for more attractive women. there's the type of woman Johnny / Scottie would be happy to marry. she will come along and one-wheel. shortly after a short discussion about Johnny / Scotty's fear of heights, which causes vertigo, doesn't name is Louie. he boys's some tots are tamer Miz has just hanging around her apartment. and Johnny is much intrigued. and I'm just sitting here thinking, this old fart ain't been laid since the Great Depression. then a little chat about how Mead used to wall her summer Johnny's Jimmy, and probably still does. but Johnny ain't about that. desperate boot knock in. and then, hey, I'll see you creeping Alfred. so, Johnny, Scotty, what's your name? [ __ ] goes to see an old college friend named Gavin Elster, who got a wife. dang. playing with a full deck, dick. is that deck y'all? dick? what I mean is, she's some special sauce shot of a Big Mac a few yards short of a touchdown. look, I don't know how to say nice things about a woman who believes she possessed by a dead great grand event. yes, Madeleine Elster believed she is possessed by her deceased great-grandmother. and Johnny, I mean, Scotty, I mean John and Scotty is like, look, full. I ain't got all my dogs barking myself. have you seen what happens when you put two crazy folks together? Brad and Angelina, Kim and Kanye, Bert and Ernie got straight-up x-rated in that apartment. what that rubber ducky must have witnessed one that was definitely playing with a full deck. deck, y'all, dick. but then Scott E John agrees go scope art out. and then he's like, Oh, half of the yes dish right here. my kind of freaky. I'm still just thinking about that pole, rubber ducky. and this where it turns into the kind of love story we all wish we could live in, being stalked by some creepy old guy who falls in love with your crazy by observing your mental instability. he peeps on her twice. she buys flowers, then he golfs settle while she takes set flowers to the grave of the dead crate, grinning - got her possessed. what's the combo sound like? a head. hey me, Mundek, ain't stink down here. we'll say you run on over to the florist and bring me up a bouquet or something. don't smell like the stench of death and rot, rotten death. but did she leave with the damn files because she ain't sure which her supposed to keep him. then he perv on the private moment she's trying to have with the painting of herself, while Johnny Scott Falls truly, madly, deeply in love with this psycho. then he follows her to a hotel where she gives him a little peep show. and when he goes in the Fonda, he finds out the woman up and vanish like a fart in the wind. then Old Faithful takes him to a historian who tells him some tragic story about how Madeline's dead, great granny off to self, and then takes Mitch home, who gets all giggly jealous about miss Gavin else - hottie pants. then mr. Elster tells Johnny / Scottie that mrs. hottie pants don't even know the woman she's having conversations with, and her pretty head about flowers to cover up the stink of her rotten old bones. and jenna / Scottie like pooled it dub. if I'm a star, kill sex and wife and seduce her crazy self, I'm gonna need to stay half lip. then most talking on the way to San Francisco Bay, where she leaps in, straight up damsel in distress style. no worry, dear, I'm coming to save your hot buns from the cold water. then I'm gonna take you home, not dear husband's home, because that would be weird, to my home, so I can strip you down to your birthday suit and hang your big bloomers up in my kitchen while you lie my bed in the buff. then a fireside chat where she lets him know she knows he knows what she looks like without her shimmy, but does she don't know what his name is. and he's like, well, I don't know what the hell my name is either. some people call me Johnny. some people call me Scottie. some people call me the space cowboy. some comment against her love. and she's like, well, I'll call you mr. Ferguson, because y'all told enough to be my daddy. will you be my daddy? then the phone rings, and her husband. and while mr. Ferguson is on the phone not telling the man he just saw his wife from stem to stern, he years annoy something to run out and find his crazy baby. don't run off and took her big old panties with there was some big old panties. so the next day, Fergie follows Madeline around while she continues along minding her own damn business on her path to Knut Ville. he said that she actually wants to see him again. and she's like, sorry, you had to see my big bloomers. and he's like, oh, no, I also wear big blue well, that was awkward. so to remedy this awkwardness, they decided to spend the day together. come on y'all, let's take a ride over the river and through the woods to my dad crazy possessive great grandmother's house. we go. this is San Juan Bautista, which is the actual childhood home of that lady that lives in Madeline's head rent-free. then he realizes he loved a lot more about this woman that her big bloomers. and she realized she done up and fell for stalker three times her age. and she like, Oh, hailed it right. and she takes off of the church and gives him some speech about how she didn't mean to fall in love with him, but she did, and how does a bad romance and how too banged up people I'll not be banging this. she climbs up the belts out like I named Quasimodo and Jimmy. I mean, Johnny chases her, but he gets the case of the spins and probably a case of the squirts when he has a bed. and he watches the woman he loved loaned to her death, knowing damn well he could have stopped her if he hadn't been such a lily-livered psycho, cowardly chicken poop de n-not, ain't dyin, didn't Scottish / Johnny / Fergie, straight up loser. damn mine. he only had about three damn Marvel's rolling around up in there. anyway. and after a short stay in the hospital, because that's where hot blonds will put you, Scottie, Johnny Fergie resumes his stalking tendencies. and he sees the hot blonde everywhere, in this old lady, in this old restaurant, in this young brunette and in this other young brunette. and he follows up to the room and interrogator, he's like, what's your name? and she's like, Judy Barton. were you from Salina, Kansas? how big your bloomers show you in our really love your peaches, won't shake your tree. then rewind, backtrack, flashback. surprise. judy is Madeleine. Madeleine is Judy. Madeleine is a, well, she ain't a man, but her husband was shocking, I know. and he done thrown a debt right out of the tower in front of them nuns that Brees, gotten everybody to see it. then Judas is down to write her bloom of people a long love letter of apology. dear China / Scottie, I was hired by Gavin / mr. Elster to pretend to be his wife, Madeleine, so you could fall in love with me / her, because Gavin / mr. Elster knew you was a scaredy-cat / Lilly livered sack, Oh, chicken poop, and wouldn't make it up to talent. it will serve as one hell of a mack daddy of a witness to my / her suicide / murder. I didn't mean to fall in love / let you see my bloomers, but I didn't. it's done. and now imma just, are you in an oft / day, until I find out how, if I can make this situation love Madeline / Judy. and they stop dating. and he does what any good daddy would do. he feeds her while checking out another woman. he buys us some new duds. there reminds him of another one. he makes her get her hair and makeup done up like another woman. and he gonna do her like another woman who was actually herself. but this back present. Paul does not know. that's where she getting ready for their next date. she pulls out a little murder memorabilia, and then daddy knows what's up. so he drives the sexy, scheming seductress to the site where he last saw her, and he tells her bloom awaring, but to climb the steps. climb the steps bit. and along the way, he suffers from his fear of heights, but he's so overcome by the other crazy going on in his head, like, oh, the fact that he's in love with a woman who was pretending to be the woman he thought he was in love with so her husband could kill her, and makes Connie the witness to her murder that he would think was a suicide. but he just keeps on trucking until he gets near the top and realizes he's cured. and all it took was a severe emotional drama of falling in love with a woman possessed by her great granny, committing suicide, only to find out she was just some lady fruitcake frontin. and then she's like, oh, but I love you, my Fergalicious daddy. and he's like, sorry, I only do crazes. and then none with no respectful prophecy, bust up in the middle of their makeout session, which scares the right out of that beautiful accomplice. and Scottie John jr. was the woman he thought he loved plummet to her death second time. but hey, at least he's free of his fear Heights and Virgo to end. well, yes, that's really die and and wait, what happened to me? I'm the Africa. be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix of myth. you can expect me to upload more videos after I get finished thinking these special patrons. David. djk, dis a whiskey. Brandon. CT, Gabriela see, Michelle. WP, tfj grey, do raspberries? David see. Kelly s car os, David em Dan W Donna gon I am, melon. am Justin be John Y and Mario Palmer's explain for I'm jammed. Johnny, Scotty Fergie, gangster a love a dial yeah. 