[Music]. this woman is glamorous and has excellent, nice skills. you can kill a shao kang with a single wave. she asked xiaomi to open a butcher shop in the town. business is extremely hot. there was a long line before the door opened in the morning. attracted countless old men. as soon as xiaomi, the lady boss, appears, men are greedy for drooling this dazzling beauty floor dude figure. even jing cha is fascinated, until a basin of food washing water splashes on the head. he just woke up. a few days later, there was a murder case in the town. the technique is extremely cruel. and stunned. i was cut off in bloodletted tess. the victim was a doctor who was killed in bed. according to the monitoring screen display, not the last woman to go in. old jing-cha found the nurse who was with the doctor that night. she said that that day she rolled the sheets with the doctor and left. but the nurse is very worried. a hot woman walks into a nightclub at night, black high heels. stepping on the bed. in front of me is a s squinted man. she tied up the man, sm the man was killed by s. the woman walked out calmly with a knife. xiaomei in the butcher shop. watching the news and tv has no effect on her. just pick up an s pig knife. the forensic doctor said the two crimes were exactly the same. the cruelty of the skill of the knife, familiarly knowing the position of human organs is definitely a master. and the person who uses a knife is right-handed. one, coincidentally, which hospital still belongs to us? both victims were killed by the same method s. lao wong suspects that this is a grudge against us can be determined by the same person. xiaomei cuts meat in the butcher shop. what an old lady was talking about. pharaoh just passed the butcher shop after get off work, met this old lady. when he entered the butcher shop, he saw xiaomi. the angelic face stunned. this man, i'm in love at this moment. i joined the queue to buy meat. the next day. his eyes are straight. i didn't wake up until a basin of food washing water was poured on i'm jing, cha can't be addicted to female sex. then i found the nurse. he wants to find out who the two doctors are. learned from her, the two killed are very good friends. and there is a third person in the good friends team. the man who is still alive has resigned and became the head of plastic surgery. pharaoh learned of the evil deeds of the three through investigations. it rained heavily. on a night 10 years ago, there is a stunning beauty lying unconscious in the hospital. that face, that figure, is incredible. three doctors can't wait to check her up. the woman is taken care of very carefully. touch tears filled my eyes. i was taken care of for one night. in turn, later, this girl became a big star and mixed. then pharaoh found the only doctor who was still alive, but he killed him and didn't admit what happened. 10 years ago. pharaoh is sure this man is the next victim. he and his teammates began to secretly protect him. the man in the nightclub hugs left and right. at this time, a masked woman and pharaoh passed by. the teammate accidentally ran into the waiter. a deboning knife fell to the ground. lau wong hurried to catch the woman. masked female backhand pushes crazy, running. he immediately chased up. after a lot of chasing, i still greedy people and lost them. i found the woman who was taken care of 10 years ago. through investigation. she said she couldn't remember anything. do not know anything. obviously, she doesn't want others to know about it. lao wong took the knife to the knife shop to identify it, but i was told that this is a professional bow knife. it's often used in pork and beef shops. the case is deadlocked. pharaoh walks down the street in frustration. i passed by xiaomi's butcher shop again. he found that only when facing this woman, your negative emotions will disappear. even in meetings, my head is full of xiaomi smiles. there are pictures of three men on this wall. two people have been killed. female s hands are exercising. the doctor came down in the parking lot at night, sure enough to be attacked, because his daughter heard the movement and came out to check. oh, scared away the killer and injured the assassin's thigh. during the fight that night, lau wang came to the butcher shop again, but attracted by the knives on the wall exactly the same as the one used by s hand. is your goddess, a murderer? lao wang gradually became suspicious. he told xiaomei about the serial s-man case. sure enough, xiaomi's expression has changed, but she didn't answer positively. but to make lao wang pay for the meat quickly. but watching xiaomei walk and limped, he remembered that the murderer was stabbed in the leg. the woman was thrown on the table by him. lau wong wants to check her body. lift up the skirt. sure enough, there is a bandage on the thigh. at this moment, it was confirmed that xiaomi was the murderer. but now pharaoh has fallen again. he has fallen in love with this woman. can't bear to arrest her. so something indescribable happened between the two. at the same time, he ran into the hospital alone, just a few tricks to defeat the security. when i came to the man's hospital bed, i covered my mouth with a towel, pushing the unconscious man out of the hospital. when pharaoh rushed to the hospital, it was too late. this also shows that the killer of someone else. see ww lti format through monitoring. the crime is still a female multi-format pharaoh. came to the butcher shop again after get off work. the doctor on the other side was tied to a piece of wood. that is a space sealed with cloth. he shouted in fear that there was no one in joe glow. i was scared to pee my pants. at the same time, an old lady with a cane walked in. the man was very upset and still intimidated her. then a woman ran in from behind, cut his limbs with a few knives, then opened the iron cage and put in a wolf dog pounced on the man's second brother fiercely. old lady tear off the mask. it's a female star. the next day, the man left xiaomi's butcher shop to go to work. although the same weapon was used this time, but the murderer was zuo sazi lauong was eating with his teammates, suddenly saw the old lady played by the actress on tv. he remembered that it was this person he met at the butcher shop that day. i'm sure this actress is related to xiaomei come to the butcher shop of the beloved woman again, open the door and everything is wrong. no one in the empty room. the call has become an empty number. many more cases occurred during this period. s are all severed, arteries and scum. i'm looking for it. finally found xiaomi in a suburban factory. the two met for a pk. but each other's hearts love to die and live. no one can bear to kill. finally, farrow let xiaomi go quit her job at jing cha for a woman. the two lived a happy life from now on, doing the indescribable together. one day, pharaoh accidentally found xiaomi's photo album. there's a woman exactly like xiaomi in the photo. this also explains why the three murders, the reason why the murderer s has left in right hands. then this person must be xiaomi's twin sister. now, lau wong was completely lost and thought, is the elder sister or younger sister sleeping with me? but it doesn't matter, if you think about it, no matter who it is, he will not suffer and still make a lot of money, like friends like and forward. don't forget to follow me. see you next time. bye. 