[Music]. this is the girl he has raised for 10 years. looking at this beautiful face and proud figure. wait until the girl is 17 years old, we'll marry her. let her be her own wife. this day, the girl simply sits between two men. i thought they would take pictures for themselves, but while she was attracted by the camera, but want to secretly lay hands on the girl, thought they were playing with themselves. one with a bow facing them, on his head, something like this. lau who is used to it. at night, who like chong yi-young, personally bathe the girl. never changed. in ten years, i will hold the girl's hand and fall asleep together. lauhu picked it up when she was six years old. since then, i have left this fishing boat in my life. again, two people increase their fate. girl knows nothing about the outside world, how simple and cute she is. but as the girl grows up, the figure and the beautiful face of that capital are getting more and more flavorful. lauhu, carefully cultivated for more than 10 years. why are you willing to be taken away by others? although the age is different by a few decades? but lauhu had already planned at 10. he draws a cross on the calendar every day, happily waiting for that day to come. two fishermen came on the boat. as usual, they coveted young and beautiful girls. seeing that there is only one old and one woman on the boat, so taking advantage of lauhu's unpreparedness, he subdued and tied up. want to take advantage of girls. 76. but i didn't expect that girls are not only smart and clever and archery. she slightly picked up lauhu's bow. every front is precisely shot on the angler's leg. [Music]. many anglers came on the boat this day. one of the handsome aniyama, attracted the girl's eyes. girls are naive and unsuspecting, only full of curiosity about deshawn. she took off to sean's walkman and put it on her head. dashawn was also attracted by her smile. beautiful, innocent girl always aroused countless encounters of deshaun. ren lao, who saw the two talking happily, i couldn't help but give birth to a trace of jealousy. he tore off the headset from the girl's head, take the girl away at night, lau who bathed the girl, as before, the sound of splashing water caught the attention of the mountain next door. so he crawled to the window quietly. i just saw the picture of laohu taking a bath for the girl. at this time. the girl also happened to discover deshaun. but he did not shy away from it and smiled at the mountain. this made deshawn's heart beat instantly. under doubt, he learned from his father, the girl came by and the country will get married soon. when to leave? i left my walkman to the girl. in the days after, the girl listens with a random voice every day, looking forward to meeting deshawn again. the old tuna is very upset when i see her. he broke the walkman to the ground if it came. the girl was cold-eyed. for the first time, the two had a conflict in the bath at night. the girl keeps turning her head and sulking, i'm not happy to give lau huckchin when she sleeps embark on and deliberately do some intimate actions with anglers. although he is angry, he has nothing to do with the girl. lauhou can only hold the girl back to the cabin. she is innocent and beautiful. the guests who come to fish always care about her infinitely, and kindly hug the girl on her lap. [Music], feel free to protect her. and girls don't know their bad eyes, but zetio deeply knows the thoughts of these people. dao hit the two and shot an arrow, declaring one's own sovereignty. the girl can only belong to him. soon, deshawn came on the boat again. girl happy. dashawn took a picture of the girl with his mobile phone. take a selfie with her. again. s behavior made laohu very angry. i took out the arrow and shot it in the direction of the mountain. the girl became dissatisfied with who i broke the arrow in front of lauhu. ten late at night, the girl took advantage of lauhu to fall asleep. sneaked into the bed of the mountain. just when they want to do something, he drove the mountain off the boat the third day. the next day, deshawn brought a missing person notice about a girl. persuade the girl to leave with him. lauhou picked up a freshly sharpened arrow. ay, dishon 760. [Music], who knows that? the girl desperately stopped in front of him. lauhu looked at the girl with firm eyes. i realized that i really couldn't keep her. lauhu finally let them go. but what the girl didn't expect was, lauhou has tied a rope on the other end of the boat, put it on my head. lau who? who lost a girl? it's tantamount to losing the world. the boat has been obstructed and has been stagnant. the girl looked at the rope on the boat and realized it was strange. she hurriedly cut the rope. after all, she was the benefactor who raised her for 10 years. of course, the girl can't bear to watch him die. the girl chose to stay on the boat and married hoo chang. satisfy his wish. under the witness of deshawn, the two held a wedding ceremony. after the wedding, adjusted the boat and carried the girl to an uninhabited sea. he took off his wedding dress with the girl sitting on the bow of the boat, and played a little song for the girl. [Music], couture mouth, tune out his bow, looked at the girl. so he shot an arrow into the sky, then turned around and went into the sea. the arrow that shot into the sky fell between the girl's legs. a bright red blood stained under the arrow. the best story, girl looking at the big ship behind it sank slowly into the bottom of the sea like jehu. the whole movie shows laohu's love and possession of girls. everyone has desires, but no doubt, jehu's desire is to make him feel disgusted. old toon, desires are disdainful by the community. friends who like wenge commentary, remember to like it. attention. thanks. 