Hi, Scary Recap here. Today, I will explain a horror, mystery, thriller movie called The Boy, released in 2016. Watch out and spolers ahead! Greta Evans, a foreigner, is on her way to join the Heelshires to take care of their Doll, Brahms. The driveway leading to the house is in the midst of the forest, and it is secluded. Upon arrival at the home, the taxi driver jolts her awake as she has fallen asleep during the drive. Greta is open-mouthed when she sees the sprawling house. The taxi driver informs her that her things have been kept inside and asks her to wait in the parlor till the Heelshires arrive. After setting her shoes by the door, she enters the house. There is no one in the parlor, so she calls out. After hearing a rustling sound upstairs, she goes up the staircase, hesitant to see if someone is there. On her way, she sees a vast family portrait of the Heelshires. With no sign of anyone, she enters a room full of old-fashioned toys. She smiles after picking up one of those before being completely startled by the voice of someone from behind. It's Malcolm- the grocery man standing at the doorway. He is smitten by Greta and tells her that he owns a grocery store nearby and delivers weekly produce to the Heelshires. He then asks her to help her pack the groceries. Greta says that she is from Montana. Malcolm says that his family has a history of prognostication and believes he, too, has got a touch of it. To prove this, he asks for her gum. He fails to read her past correctly the first time, which doesn't impress her very much. Greta is surprised when Malcolm, on his second try, says that she is running away from a bad past. Greta regrets it and asks about the Heelshires. The Heelshires, Malcolm says, are charming and generous people. Before he could say anything about Brahms, Mrs. Heelshire enters. Greta introduces herself to Mrs. Heelshire, who notices her sock-clad feet. Greta runs to get her shoes which she left by the front. However, her shoes are gone. Mrs. Heelshire says Brahms might have taken it as he can be pretty playful. Mrs. Heelshire introduces her to Mr. Heelshire and their child- Brahms. Greta sees that Brahms is a porcelain doll and starts laughing, thinking it's a joke. An unimpressed Mr. and Mrs. Heelshire looks very seriously at Greta. However, to Greta's relief, Malcolm enters and eases the tension. Malcolm greets the Heelshires, takes the Doll's hand, and shakes it, saying to Brahms that he will meet him next week. Greta plays along, wears an uneasy smile, and says to Brahms that she hopes they can be friends. Mrs. Heelshire shows Greta around the house and explains her responsibilities when it comes to Brahms. She says that Brahms should be woken up at 7 am every day and dress up in the bedroom. She asks Greta to try it, but she is clumsy because the entire situation is quite weird for her. Mrs. Heelshire further asks her to read books to Brahms in a loud, clear voice and lets her know that music is significant to Brahms, who prefers to hear it at a loud volume. Greta is also told how they had to battle with "outside elements" like vermin, thereby asking her not to throw away the leftovers. Mr. Heelshire shows her the vermin traps set outside and tells her Mrs. Heelshire is worried as Brahms is not very fond of animals. Rather seriously, he says to Greta that their son lives through Brahms, however weird it may appear outside. After putting Brahms to bed, Mrs. Heelshire tells her that Brahms has chosen her! Later, Greta talks to Sandy, who asks her to stick with her new job, despite the creepiness in the house, to get away from her destructive past. The next day, Greta overhears Mrs. Heelshire pleading with Brahms to be a good boy until they return. Mr. and Mrs. Heelshire leave after an emotional goodbye. Before leaving, they ask Greta to be good with Brahms and give a slight warning that they are not the other way around! Mr. Heelshire handed over a paper containing a set of rules to be followed strictly. However, she ignores it completely after they leave. These rules include: * No guests * Never cover Brahms' face * Always save meals in the freezer. * Never go in the attic. * Never leave him alone. * Clean the traps. * Never forget to feed him. * Read a bedtime story loud and clear. * And finally, a goodnight kiss. However, contrary to the rules mentioned in the paper, she covers the Doll with a blanket. Later that night, she noticed that the blanket had come off. Frustrated by it, Greta throws the Doll into another room and locks it, so it doesn't freak her. Soon, however, she wakes upon hearing the sound of a child wailing downstairs. She takes a candle and checks out. On her way, she leans over at the family portrait and focuses on Brahms' face. Suddenly, an arm shoots out and grabs her neck. Greta wakes up from a nightmare! She hears the wailing sound again. She peers in the bedroom where she left Brahms. She is freaked out as she notices Brahms' cheeks are wet, like tear tracks. However, once again, she is relieved to find that water was dripping from the ceiling leak. The next day, Malcolm comes to deliver weekly produce and brings Greta's first week of pay. While taking a walk around the manor, Malcolm stops near Brahms' actual grave. He says that Brahms' died 20 years ago in a fire accident on his eighth birthday. Malcolm wants to show her the city's famous nightlife to get away from the oppressive manner, and they agree to meet up later. Later that night, she sets aside her coral dress and necklace in the bathroom before shower. Greta is shocked to find that one side of her hair is cut and her necklace and dress missing. Greta rushes to her bedroom to see that all her things, including her dresses, are gone. She notices that a ladder is placed up the attic. Clutching her towel, she climbs up to the attic, and immediately the attic slams shut. Soon after, she hears Malcolm's car and tries to get his attention. However, it was not enough, and Malcolm leaves. Greta knocks herself out when she falls after being shocked when a figure popped up. This, however, was just a suit. She wakes up the following day and sees that the ladder is down and the door is open. She invites Malcolm to the home to comb over the house. He finds nothing abnormal in the place. They spend time together. When asked about the "real Brahms," Malcolm says that once a drunk Mr. Heelshire described the real Brahms as "Odd" when he asked the same question. Later that night, she has another nightmare. She is petrified when she comes to know that phone calls are cut off. But, the phone rings all of a sudden. When she answers it, a child-like voice asks her to follow the rules. Moreover, she saw the rule paper placed near the Doll, which is now in a completely different position. She then finds her favorite peanut butter and jelly sandwich placed outside, and Brahms promises that he'll be good. Greta laughs hysterically and now believes that Brahms' spirit indeed lives inside the Doll. Greta decides to take the rules seriously from now on. Elsewhere, Mr. and Mrs. Heelshire drowned themselves after writing a letter to Brahms, apologizing for leaving him. Over the next few days, Greta follows the rules- reads him books, plays his music, and so on. Malcolm asks her for another outing, but this time Greta refuses, feeling she needs to be with Brahms. Remembering that the Heelshires described Brahms as shy, she realizes that Brahms is alive! She demonstrates this to Malcolm by showing that the Doll only moves when they aren't in the room. Greta and Malcolm take a walk. Malcolm advises her to leave the place. However, she says that her destiny has brought her here and empathizes with the Heelshires who lost their son. She tells Malcolm that previously she suffered a miscarriage after her boyfriend Cole left her, which is precisely why she should care for Brahms. They go to her room after putting Brahms to bed. Malcolm comforts her, and they start kissing, intending to make love. But before things go far, they hear loud music. They find the Doll in the study and figure out that Brahms is not happy. Malcolm, now seemingly unnerved, tells Greta that a little girl- Emily Cribbs used to visit Brahms and play with him every week. She last came during her birthday, after which she went missing. Just when the police were about to question Brahms, the house burned up, and he died. Later, the police found the body of Emily in the woods with her skull crushed. Now, Malcolm seriously doubts where the Doll holds a good spirit if it holds one. However, Greta says that Brahms wouldn't hurt her and decides to stay. The following day, Cole arrives to meet Greta, intending to take her back home. He tries to convince her as he had found a new job for her in the States. Cole also laughs as she is getting paid for looking after a doll. Greta, committed to looking after Brahms, doesn't intend to travel back home with Cole. Later, Cole and Malcolm meet. Malcolm feels that Cole shouldn't be here, is concerned about Greta's safety, and decides to stay in his car. Cole aggressively asserts that Greta traveled with him the next day. Greta asks for the Doll to help her. Later in the night, Cole wakes up to see a message written in blood to "get out." Cole thinks Greta did it. Greta, however, says that it was the Doll. Refusing to believe it, Cole starts to yell at Greta. Hearing the commotion, Malcolm turns up to see what's going on. Cole grabs the Doll and starts waving it. Both Greta and Malcolm try to capture the Doll away from Cole, who eventually smashes it- shattering it into pieces. The entire house began to shake, and rumbling noises began hearing behind the walls. Cole puts his ear against the mirror as he hears some noise from it. Suddenly, the mirror shatters, and a massive figure with the same porcelain mask emerges from it. Malcolm concludes that this must be Brahms himself now- an adult. He never died, as Greta says earlier. The masked man knocks down Cole and stabs him in the neck with a shard. Surprisingly, Brahm drags Greta away. But Malcolm manages to knock him out just in time, and they try to flee. The masked man blocks off every one of their attempts to escape. As they are being pursued, Greta and Malcolm reach a small room beside the attic. There, Greta finds her missing Coral dress and her jewelry worn by a life-sized Doll. She now realized that her every movement was being watched. The room also has a fridge, meaning the masked man was Brahms, and he never died! It is now clear that Brahms is psychotic and has been living in the walls for 20 years. He is the one who killed the girl, as well as all the nannies he rejected. Greta also discovers the letter the Heelshires sent, saying that they will never come back and she is all his. Meanwhile, Malcolm tries to find a new escape route. He eventually finds one. Greta goes through the path first and puts halts for the door to open, but before Malcolm decides to hold Brahms so that she could escape. He asks her to move on. However, Brahms overpowers Malcolm and knocks him out. By that time, Greta opens the door. Brahms threatens Greta that he will kill Malcolm the way he did others, in the voice of a child. Greta manages to escape but turns back as she realizes she needs to save Malcolm. She goes towards Cole's body, where Brahms was waiting. On her way into the house, she had already pocketed a letter opener. Now, after seeing Brahms, she assures her that she won't leave him again. She uses her nanny's voice and says that it is bedtime and he needs to follow the rules. Convinced by it, Brahms followed her obediently. But now, Brahms demands she kiss him. When she refuses to kiss him as punishment, he grabs her and demands it more aggressively. While reluctantly kissing the porcelain mask, she stabs him with her letter opener multiple times despite Brahms reconciling and strangling her for a while. Brahms collapses, and Greta runs past him to see whether Malcolm is okay. Greta eventually finds Malcolm alive, and they drive their way out of the house to freedom. Sometime later, someone pieces the Doll together once again. Yes, that's about it, guys. For more videos like this, subscribe to our channel. Turn on notifications, and don't forget to leave alike. Thank you for watching! 