welcome. my name is Sophia, and now I'm going to talk about silver linings playbook. after eight months treatment in a mental health facility for bipolar disorder, Patrizio Pat solatano jr. Bradley Cooper is released into the care of his father, Patrizio senior, Robert DeNiro, and mother, Delores Jackie River, at his childhood home in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. his main focus has to reconcile with his ex-wife, nikki Brea B. she has moved away and obtained a restraining order against him after Pat found her in the shower with another man and badly beat him. during his time in the clinic, Pat befriends Danny McDaniels Chris Tucker, an easygoing man who is embroiled in a legal dispute with the clinic on whether or not he is eligible to leave. Pat's therapist, dr patel anupam kher, does his best to convince him to keep taking his medication, as a repeat of his violent outbursts might send him back to the clinic. but Pat tells him that he has a new outlook on life. he attempts to see the good or silver linings, in all that he experiences, Patrizio employs the latin phrase, excelsior, translated as always higher, or ever upward, as the mantra of his new optimistic outlook. at dinner with his friend, Ronnie John Ortiz and Ronnie's wife, Veronica Julia Stiles, Pat meets Veronica's sister, Tiffany Maxwell. Jennifer Lawrence, a young widow with an unnamed disorder. they connect over dinner, talking about different drugs they have taken to manage their mental illnesses. sparks fly between Pat and Tiffany, and she tries to connect by offering casual sex, but Pat keeps focusing on getting Nikki back. Tiffany tries to get closer to Pat and even offers to deliver a letter to Nikki, if in return, he will practice dancing, which she does as a therapy with her, and partner with her in an upcoming dance competition. he reluctantly agrees, and the two begin a rigorous practice regimen over the following weeks. even Danny comes to help. but when he does, Pat starts to get jealous of Tiffany and shows her a bit of affection, but tries to push it away. Pat believes that competition will be a good way to show Nikki that he has changed and become a better person. the elder Patricio hopes to open his own restaurant and has resorted to illegal bookmaking. having bet virtually all of his money on the outcome of a Philadelphia Eagles game, he asks Pat to attend as a good luck charm. Pat asks Tiffany for time off from practice to attend the game. she gives him a typed reply from Nikki in which she cautiously hints there may be a chance for reconciliation between them. before he gets into the stadium, Pat and his brother Jake get involved in a fight when some racist fans harassed a group of Indian fans there, which happened to include his therapist, Dr Patel, and has hauled away by the police. the Eagles lose the game, and Patricio is furious. Tiffany shows up at their house and points out that, the way she is reading the signs, Philadelphia teams do better when she and Pat are together. convinced, Patricio makes a parlay with his gambling friend Randy if the Eagles win their next game, and Tiffany impacts score five out of ten in their dance competition, he will win back double the money he lost on the first bet. Pat is reluctant, and Tiffany, Dolores and Patricio conspired to persuade Pat to dance in the competition by telling him that Nikki will be there. it is revealed that his parents have secretly supported Tiffany's attempts to get along with him. Pat notices that the letter from Nikki also refers to reading the signs and realizes that Tiffany wrote it. Tiffany, Pat and their friends and family arrive at the competition on the night of the football game. Tiffany despairs when she finds that Nikki actually is in audience, invited by Ronnie and Veronica, who want Nikki to lift her restraining order on Pat and gift had the chance to reconcile with her. Tiffany walks to the bar and starts drinking. Pat finds her moments before their dance and drags her unto the dance floor. they begin their routine as the Eagles defeat the Dallas Cowboys. at the conclusion of their set, Tiffany and packed receive an average score of exactly 5.0 points. amid cheers from friends and family and confused looks from the crowd, Pat approaches Nikki and speaks quietly into her ear. tiffany sees this and runs off. Pat leaves Nikki behind after a short conversation, and chases Tiffany. she hands her a letter in which he admits that he knows she forged Nikki's letter and confesses that he loved her from the moment he met her, though it took him so long to come to terms with it. they share a kiss. Patricio opens a restaurant with the money he has won. Danny grows even closer to the so Latinos, and Pat and Tiffany begin a relationship, no longer wearing their wedding rings. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. 