Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain an action, adventure, and drama film called "Ravenous." Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. Ravenous zombies have started to terrorize a rural village in northern Quebec due to an inexplicable outbreak. The mysterious phenomenon was first noticed at a race track while a driver was fooling around with a staff member. While they're kissing passionately, the driver catches a pale-looking woman staring at them intently. When he asks her what she wants, the pale-looking woman rushes towards them and bites the race track crew on the neck. The driver looks on in shock for a brief moment before he starts calling for help. With the plague spreading like wildfire, survivors have to roam around and try to find people who haven't been infected. One of the few remaining survivors is an elderly man named R\xc3\xa9al, who runs as fast as he can to get away from the three zombies chasing him. Somewhere in the village, a young boy named Ti-Cul wipes the tears from his eyes as he prepares to leave his home. But before leaving, he sets a horse free and grabs a rifle lying next to a freshly dug grave. In the woods, Bonin and V\xc3\xa9zina entertain themselves with doctor jokes as they keep watch for infected people. Meanwhile, C\xc3\xa9line drives around in the village in her car, searching for zombies to kill. When no one turns up, she stops the car and turns on the radio full-blast to attract the attention of any infected people in the vicinity. She immediately grabs her machete when she sees someone emerge from a house. C\xc3\xa9line furiously attacks the zombie as its blood splashes on the car's rear windshield. While she tries to calm down, an infected boy suddenly appears beside the vehicle and stares at her. Without a second thought, she drives away and leaves the boy behind. While Bonin and V\xc3\xa9zina are driving back to their camp, V\xc3\xa9zina suddenly notices a mother and a girl in the woods standing on the path. He recognizes them and says that the girl went to school with his child. As V\xc3\xa9zina approaches them, Bonin calls out to him, telling him to leave them and deal with them some other time. V\xc3\xa9zina hesitates to shoot them, fearing that the noise would attract other infected people. When he hears a faint wail, he goes deeper into the woods to investigate. Bonin suddenly notices that the mother is gone, leaving the girl alone on the path. As V\xc3\xa9zina walks around the woods, he sees a boy hiding up on a tree. But before he could get a closer look, he suddenly hears the woman chuckling behind him. Bonin soon hears a shriek followed by a gunshot. With a bite on his neck, V\xc3\xa9zina pumps his shotgun and shoots the mother as she lay on the ground. More zombies turn up behind V\xc3\xa9zina, so he starts running back to the pickup truck. Back in the woods, R\xc3\xa9al manages to kill one of the zombies after him. Two other zombies run towards him, but he no longer feels like running. As the zombies get closer, Ti-cul arrives and shoots them with his rifle. R\xc3\xa9al, who has been bitten, tells Ti-cul that he had hesitated to kill the zombie because she was his wife. He goes on to say that the other two zombies that Ti-cul just shot were his sons. Bonin and V\xc3\xa9zina stop at a field to catch their breath. V\xc3\xa9zina says he would've withdrawn all his money from the bank and taken his child to Disneyland if he knew that an outbreak like this would happen. On the other hand, Bonin says that he would've approached a girl named Katy and confessed that he's infatuated with her. As Bonin keeps going, V\xc3\xa9zina falls silent. Later, Bonin gets back on the road, saddened by the loss of his friend. Meanwhile, C\xc3\xa9line stops by a house to check if there's any fuel in the oil tank outside. Two elderly women, named Pauline and Th\xc3\xa9r\xc3\xa8se, appear and tell her to strip at gunpoint to see if she's been bitten. As Pauline checks C\xc3\xa9line's body for bite marks, Th\xc3\xa9r\xc3\xa8se inspects her vehicle. Pauline, seeing nothing suspicious about C\xc3\xa9line, decides to offer her a beer. C\xc3\xa9line tells them that they were the first survivors that she encountered in weeks. Th\xc3\xa9r\xc3\xa8se lets her know that she can stay with them as long as she wants. Bonin stops by a hunting camp where he meets another survivor. After the other man learns what happened to V\xc3\xa9zina, he goes to the back of the truck to chop up the body. He asks Bonin if Th\xc3\xa9r\xc3\xa8se already knows what happened to her boy. Bonin says he hasn't told her yet. The man reveals that he has tied up a woman inside his cabin because she's been bitten. The woman, named Tania, claims that a dog bit her. The cabin owner tells Bonin to avoid making too much noise with his truck and heads out to the woods armed with a rifle. Bonin enters the cabin and starts telling Tania what will happen once the infection spreads. At first, the infected will feel nauseous, and then they'll notice blotches on their skin. Soon, they'll start feeling stronger until they see themselves chewing on other people's organs. Tania tries to speak with a gag in her mouth, so Bonin removes it. She then tells him that the man plugged her ears, so she didn't hear anything he said. The woman begs him to release her, reiterating that a dog bit her, but Bonin ignores her and goes back outside. Bonin suddenly hears the cabin owner scream, so he goes back to the shack to untie Tania. When they hear another scream, Bonin opens the door, activating the chime. He quickly takes the key off the ignition, realizing that the sound would attract the zombies. Tania gets into the truck quietly, carrying her accordion with her. Soon after Bonin starts the truck, the cabin owner jumps in front of the windshield. Other zombies emerge from the woods as Bonin drives away. Just when they think they were safe, the infected cabin owner grabs Tania from the back. Bonin yells at her to take the gun and shoot him. She screams as she pumps the shotgun and shoots the cabin owner in the head. Later, Bonin stops by on the side of the road to get rid of the cabin owner's body. Bonin tells Tania that he's never seen her around the village before. She says that her father owns a cabin on Trout Lake. As they prepare to leave, Bonin decides to wait for a while to make sure they wouldn't attract any zombies when they start the engine. But as they wait, a man named Demers suddenly jumps out beside the truck and yells out to scare them. Demers, having no idea that about the outbreak, tells Bonin that someone tried to bite him. Demers then goes on his way to surprise his family without any clue that most people in the village are now infected. R\xc3\xa9al tells Ti-cul that he regrets his decision not to flee from the village sooner. When his family started to chase him, all he could think of was turning around and telling them he loves them. R\xc3\xa9al thinks that it was a stupid idea, but Ti-Cul argues that it was not. The boy recalls when he shot his family after the infection spread to their home. His mother, who was bitten on the neck, is heartbroken as she looks at the lifeless bodies of his father and sister on the ground. She slowly turns to Ti-Cul and forces a smile before turning back to the corpses. Ti-Cul puts on a brave face as he points the gun at her and shoots. Bonin and Tania stop by a farm to look for suppliers after hearing from Demers that the owner had turned into a zombie. Inside the house, Tania hears thumping sounds around the house, so she quietly walks around to see where the sound came from. Tania comes across a room and listens through the door. She hears nothing, so she decides to open it. As the door creaks, Tania hears someone running. Inside the room, she finds a young girl trying to hide from her. As Tania cleans up the white powder smeared on the girl's face, she starts warming up to her. On the road, Bonin tries to make the girl laugh by telling one of V\xc3\xa9zina's jokes to her. The girl, named Zo\xc3\xa9, just smiles at him, while Tania gives him an irritated look. When they stop by a camper van to rest, they hear a woman on the C.B. radio, looking for "little pup." Tania asks Bonin who she was referring to, but he ignores her and gets out of the truck. The following day, Tania relieves herself outside and accidentally steps on a mousetrap, causing it to snap. Soon she hears other traps snapping around her, followed by an eerie shriek. Tania immediately crouches down on the ground and carefully looks around for any signs of zombies. When she turns around, she sees an infected man turning in her direction, so she lies down and slowly crawls away. To Tania's shock, the zombie suddenly turns up beside her, so she runs away screaming. The zombie soon catches up to Tania and tackles her, but Bonin grabs it and stabs it repeatedly as soon as it tries to bite her. Later on, Tania starts ranting about her frustrations, saying she would be selling adult toys with Katy in a bikini on a hot day like this, but because of the plague, she'll never see her again. When Tania gets inside the truck, Zo\xc3\xa9 tells her that she also misses her cousin Ti-Guy. They all fall silent, but their peace is soon broken by Demers, who suddenly jumps out beside the truck to scare them again. Demers warn them that something is happening on Route 8, so Bonin decides to check it out. When they get there, Bonin sees zombies gathered around a tower of stacked furniture. Before he could leave, an infected man sees him and shrieks to call the attention of other zombies. Tania gets out of the truck to check on Bonin, but she turns back when she sees him running. Zo\xc3\xa9 immediately turns the ignition as soon as she sees them. Bonin drives the truck in reverse, with the infected people watching them as they leave. Bonin decides to go to Th\xc3\xa9r\xc3\xa8se's place and tell them what happened to V\xc3\xa9zina. Th\xc3\xa9r\xc3\xa8se slaps Bonin in the face and drops down to the ground crying upon hearing the news about her boy. Pauline recalls that the number of infected people has thinned in the last few weeks, but now they seem to be multiplying again. Pauline surmises that the infected people had nothing to eat outside the village, so they returned. Tania asserts that someone probably blocked the roads to prevent them from reaching the cities. Pauline suggests that they should just barricade the house and keep quiet to avoid attracting the zombies' attention. She goes on to disclose that they have to ration their food since they are running low, but she assures Zo\xc3\xa9 that she can eat as much as she needs to because she's still growing. C\xc3\xa9line warns them that the house is on the path of the infected people who seem to be gathering together. She suggests making the long journey to a bunker that will keep them safe. The group soon draws up their plans and gathers up all food that they can carry. Later that night, the group starts discussing their concern about Tania's bite. Bonin tries to defend her, telling them it's just a dog bite, but C\xc3\xa9line points out that he didn't actually see it happen. Tania tells the group to include her before they make any decisions about her. Later on, they start hearing the snaps of the traps they laid out in the woods. Zombies soon begin running toward the house, so they head out immediately. They soon end up in the woods, so they keep quiet as they hide in the bushes and trees. Bonin, however, is out in the open with several infected people chasing after him, so he has no choice but to use his shotgun. A zombie suddenly grabs Tania from behind while she's hiding with Zo\xc3\xa9. As she struggles to break free, Zo\xc3\xa9 stabs the zombie on the back of the neck, allowing Tania to get up and kill it. When another zombie appears in front of them, C\xc3\xa9line attacks it with her machete. The group goes ahead with their journey and comes across a river, where they encounter Ti-Cul and R\xc3\xa9al. Bonin notices the bite on R\xc3\xa9al's thigh, so the two decide to go on their way without introducing themselves. The group comes across a farm along the way, so they start discussing whether they should go through it or use another route. Bonin notes that they could follow the river, but it will add another day to their journey. Pauline agrees to go down the river despite the heavy toll that it will put on her, so they all move on. Along the way, Demers suddenly jumps out from the bushes and yells at the group to scare them, causing Tania to shoot him. As Tania tries to explain, Bonin tells her that Demers had already been bitten, so she has nothing to worry about. The group soon comes across another tower of furniture with a few zombies gathering around it, so they try to pass through as quietly as they can. Meanwhile, R\xc3\xa9al and Ti-Cul watch them from a distance. Zo\xc3\xa9 and Bonin run toward a pile of furniture to hide, but Zo\xc3\xa9 trips on a pail, catching the attention of an infected woman. Zo\xc3\xa9 stands still to avoid agitating the zombie. R\xc3\xa9al helps Zo\xc3\xa9 out by standing still in front of her to keep her out of the zombie's view. After introducing themselves to the group, R\xc3\xa9al and Ti-Cul join them in their journey. The group stops by an abandoned house, where they find a note warning them not to go into town. The letter further states that the author goes to Route 113 daily to look for other survivors. The author ends the note by signing it as Number 79. Outside the house, Bonin discovers a pile of bones under a tree. The group is suddenly startled when they hear screams. R\xc3\xa9al had finally turned into a zombie and bit Ti-Cul on the neck. C\xc3\xa9line runs over to them and kills R\xc3\xa9al. Outside the house, they discover that another zombie has bitten Pauline. Th\xc3\xa9r\xc3\xa8se looks at Pauline in shock, but she soon regains her composure and shoots the zombie twice. In the woods, C\xc3\xa9line tells Ti-Cul that he went out for a manicure when her family got infected. She had played the ideal wife until that time, but due to the outbreak, she's no longer concerned about being perfect. As she tells her story to Ti-Cul, She shows him a picture of her family. Ti-Cul tells her that his real name is R\xc3\xa9mi Latraverse. C\xc3\xa9line then walks out of the woods alone and goes back to the house to clean up the blood on her face. Th\xc3\xa9r\xc3\xa8se asks Pauline if she put too much dill in the pickles that they brought on their journey. Pauline says she doesn't think so. She then turns to Th\xc3\xa9r\xc3\xa8se and nods, hinting that she's ready. Th\xc3\xa9r\xc3\xa8se tries to hold back her tears as she points her shotgun at Pauline. They soon come across a building, but they couldn't find anything useful, so they soon head back out. While they are walking through the woods, they start hearing the cries of a baby echoing through the misty forest. They follow the sound and come across an infected woman holding a crying doll. A few steps away from the infected woman, they discover a tower of chairs. Meanwhile, zombies have begun to line up around them. When the infected woman pulls the string of the crying doll, C\xc3\xa9line takes aim to slash her with a machete. She hacks the infected woman when the zombie suddenly screams and alerts the other infected people of their presence. As the whole herd runs toward them, Bonin carries Zo\xc3\xa9 away, hoping to take her to a safe place. Th\xc3\xa9r\xc3\xa8se stays behind and just watches them take off as the zombies grab her. C\xc3\xa9line starts hacking away at the herd of infected people running toward her. Bonin decides to hand over Zo\xc3\xa9 to Tania and lead the zombies away from them. Despite being bitten numerous times, C\xc3\xa9line continues to slash the zombies with her machete. Meanwhile, Tania takes Zo\xc3\xa9 into a tunnel and tells her that she's the strongest among them. Tania leaves the child in the tunnel as the zombies continue to ravage their victims. An infected man soon enters the tunnel where Zo\xc3\xa9 is hiding, but Tania arrives and plays her accordion to lead the zombie away from her. When everything goes quiet, Zo\xc3\xa9 goes back to the building and sees Bonin preparing to shoot himself with a shotgun. Bonin, who has been bitten, tells Zo\xc3\xa9 to leave him behind and find Tania. Later, Zo\xc3\xa9 leaves the building on her own, carrying a shotgun. As she walks through a field, she finds Tania's accordion on the ground. She brings it with her and leaves the gun behind. Zo\xc3\xa9 continues walking until she reaches Route 113, where she decides to sit and wait. Soon, she hears the noise of an engine and sees a formula one car approaching. The racecar driver, wearing a jacket with the number 79, gets out of the vehicle and walks toward Zo\xc3\xa9. She smiles at the man and warns him not to continue driving down the road he's heading. The man thanks Zo\xc3\xa9 and takes her for a ride in his car to go to a much safer place. 