stranger things, season three hits Netflix on July 4th, so we've got you covered on catching up and refreshing your memory for everything that's happened so far in the series. in this video, we'll be recapping everything that happened in season two in five minutes or less. if you haven't already, be sure to watch our season 1 recap now. season 2 picks up nearly a year after the events of season 1. Mike still hasn't given up on finding out what happened to 11. will begins to suffer from increasingly severe upside down episodes. and Dustin and Lucas have begun pining over the same new girl. max. in other relationship developments, Nancy and Steve break up, and Joyce has a new boyfriend, the lovable Bob oh. and 11 has secretly been living with hopper this entire time. although hopper insists to 11 that her living in secret is for her own safety. 11 grows angry and resentful. eventually she breaks hoppers rules and leaves their cabin. first, she seeks out Mike, but after miss reading a random encounter between him and Max's flirting, she decides to look for her biological mother, this leads to her remembering another experiment from Hawkins lab, and goes off in search of the mysterious Callie, aka 8. it's eventually revealed that will has been infected by the villainous shadow monster dubbed the mind flare. wills seemingly erratic and random drawings turn out to be an upside-down by network underneath Hawkins. when the new, improved and virtuous Hawkins lab steps in to destroy the vines, will breaks down in agonizing pain. new lab had, dr. Owens, hypothesizes that any attempt to eradicate the vines could be lethal to will. and it's not just the mind flayer that our heroes have to worry about. packs of loose young demagog ins have been unleashed on the town. Steve Harrington teams up with Dustin, Lucas and max to try to stop them, but that's a task much easier said than done. the group tracks the demo dogs to Hawkins lab, where they come across Nancy and Jonathan, inside the lab, which is now being overrun by the demo dogs, is Mike hopper, Joyce, Bob, dr. Owens and the sick will, dr. Owen stays behind to help the others navigate out of the lab, and Bob sacrifices himself to help the others escape. so now all of our characters are back together, all except 11, who was off on her own adventure with Callie. after learning a few new tricks from Callie, 11 returns to Hawkins, sensing Mike and the others were in danger. the group all converges at the buyers residence, where 11 finally shows up to dispatch the demo dogs. after a very brief reunion, the group break apart to complete their final plan to defeat the mine flare. Joyce, Nancy and Jonathan take will to hoppers Cabin to burn the virus out of him. hopper and 11 head off to the lab to close the gate to the upside down, and Steve, Mike and the others start burning the bind tunnels to distract the demo dogs from pursuing 11 and hopper. the plan is a success, with the gate being closed, the demo dogs being defeated and will finally being cured of any residual upside down side effects. as the season comes to a close, dr. Owens gives hopper a forged birth certificate 411, officially giving him custody and allowing 11 to live freely as a normal child. Hawkins lab has permanently shut down due to Nancy and Jonathan publicly releasing redacted secrets with the aid of disgraced journalist Marie Bowman. and at the school dance, all seemed settled and happy. Lucas and Mac's kiss. Mike and 11 kiss. oh, and the mine flare is revealed to still be alive, watching over the school from the upside-down. what were your favorite moments from season 2 of stranger things? what are you most looking forward to in season 3? let me know in the comments below. like this video, subscribe for more and I'll see you in the next one. 