[Music], uh. [Music], hello. so lovely to meet you in this new context. that's sister zelda. will be teaching ancient tongues and sacred scriptures. as candidate for top boy. the academy recognizes nicholas scratch. i'd like the opportunity to contribute to the academy in a meaningful way. i nominate sabrina spellman. indeed, the academy recognizes sabrina spellman, who will join nicolas scratch in three challenges of witchcraft. actually, guys, it's theo now, sounds good. this is not within the rules of the challenge. neither is sending demons to attack and kill me. father be done. we command you to speak your names aloud. yes, i am future high priestess of the church of night. sabrina will be my herald, my prophet on earth. but the dark lord visited me last night to do his but how can that be? miss wardwell, i haven't done anything wrong. in fact, oh my gosh. [Music], why are you doing this? punishing salem. are you making raw sick too? you denied me. what do you want? i want you to burn a building. harvey. and i have been hanging out. and well, he asked me to go to the sweethearts dance with him. harvey and i are over for real this time. i'm, i'm sort of dating someone new. yes, i told you i'd be back in time for valentine's day. everything you know about that man that was just here. you mean your fiance, adam? i can't know. turtle dove hearts fostus. you're proposing marriage. some years ago i came upon an occult tome and possessed by an incubus that i can't get rid of. i can't see, i can't see anything. nick. are you my boyfriend? well, i hope so. it's about young lucas. we've lost him. i'm afraid he died in service to the dark lord. will you honor him his memory by taking his place in the judas society with our new testament, the tenets of which you already know, the five facets of judas. as lilith served satan, so must witches serve warlocks. it's my father's manifesto. as lilith was the mother of demons, so all witches must be revered as the matriarchs of the church of night. my parents were flying to meet with the antipope to present these tenets in the hopes of reforming the church of knights. spellman, oh, child, your father was a great, learned high priest. i will retire to my chambers and consider both doctrines. the mortal is a distraction. get rid of him. lilith, prudence, [Music] to control you, perhaps then i believe it was he who killed the antipope. you, i'm surmising, were merely his instrument. i realized you'd stop at nothing to claim what you think is yours, and that is how i know you are at heart. prudence. blackwood, sabrina, what are you saying? he killed my father and mother, and i believe he killed the antipope too. black would die. i'd like you to wear this ring, but you must never ever take it off. cousin has been thrown in the witch's cell for his treasonous crimes. she and nicholas have been expelled. fastest and i were just married in his office, the entire academy of which is to evangelize. you'll never get in there though. tibet and mary, i will consider it the cunning showed me he wants to kill you. you need to get out of your house right now. they call themselves the innocents only storm dorian's is now trapped in one of his paintings. dessert is your reward for saying yes to tibet. how did that get in there? did you really think you could deceive me? there is no escape to tibbett. [Music], we are divine. we are angels. it was you, wasn't it? stella's shot through with arrows. [Music], you're gonna be just fine. we have to batten down the hatchets until aunt zelda gets back from my honeymoon. my execution. i'm your auntie pop now, miss bellman, you will address me as your unholy eminence, interim anti-pope. faustus. mr spellman and mr scratch may roam the school, but ambrose spellman must return to his cell i think father blackwood must have put her under when they were on their honeymoon. i cannot spell the warlocks used to use on their wives. when they've got a bit of petite, it turns them into somnambulism. [Music], satan and hell. what am i wearing if you want my cousin dead? so badly, father blackwood. why don't you do it yourself? enough i'm pro pro-spelman is spared. so hereby stripped of your title of interim antipope, i'm the herald of hell. you ever heard of the mandrake spell? it would likely mean that you would lose all of your witch powers, rendering you essentially mortals. immediately kill it thereby releasing those energies up into the universe. i know how it goes. once that happens, it will be impossible for me to initiate the apocalypse. the witch's council has turned its back on us. we are now the church of judas ward. whatever do you mean, sabrina jesse putnam's exorcism, resurrecting tommy going to limbo? you've been leading me down the path of darkness, all in the name of some prophecy petition. no, traitor. i'm going to find and kill my double, and then i'll be back to kill you. you said baby judas had consumed his twin. please just give me the babe you stole. my daughter. she will be espoused to brother judas prophecy. and once he walks on earth, the girl will rule at his side, and the new dawn will begin. [Music]. to complete the prophecy. kill yourself. i'll go to the council. they'll help us end this lunacy. the end of days is upon us. the dark lord will walk the earth in his true form, and he will sit by his side and rule. talking to sabrina, let us help. let us find the gates of hell. at least your church of judas exists only to exalt me and now. sabrina, spellman, you will blow the horn of gabriel for me. the dark lord asked me to get close to you, but then i really did fall in love with you. edward spelman, isn't your father? i am upon the church of judas in his name. i've relieved them of their earthly bindings. poison. wherever you go, i will find you. and please, please save my sisters. what happens poison? that means sabrina, morningstar and queen of hell. hail sabrina. hello every sabrina. spellman, who the human body? flesh and bones? mr scratch's body, we'd all be doomed. what will it be like for nick in hell? i'll take good care of him. i restore to you all your witch abilities, my father won't be as easy to fight or to kill. perhaps we're the church of lilith now. i don't know, but as high priestess, i'll figure it out. be my other present from lot left getting my favorite teacher back. let's go to hell and get my boyfriend back. 