listen, bad education is a film that premiered at if that I didn't get to catch, but Zack did. and now that it's out on HBO, I got a chance to see. you. I loved it so much that I had to get the director to explain it to me. we wanted to take this really specific story and use it to to say something about sort of the systems that in Kurt that incentivize us all to do bad things. let me explain. so bad education tells a true story of the 11 million dollars plus dupe from the Roslin school district, considered to be the largest step from an education system in American history. a lot of people have been calling it Hugh Jackman's best performance, and I would agree. yet, when it's sold to HBO at 2019, stiff it was considered ineligible for the Oscars. but boy did that change quick so if you haven't caught it yet, go do so. this is a full spoiler warning right here, even though it is a true story, cuz it's one of the most, one of the best of the year, in my opinion, and it's available from your couch. so the movies written by mike mckowski, who actually went to the high school when it happened. whether you like it or not, I was playing. you. I can only assume there are a bunch of Easter eggs and throw bags for the alum that they've been catching. and I'm sure the current class is gonna mean that they just, they want me to write an article about this guy walk the Skywalk. sky walk, this guy walked it, gets his two first Rachel's bedroom in the movie was my childhood bedroom. they changed the wallpaper that I didn't slightly seem stuffed animals that Frank disowned. is the main guy we're following. he's a superintendent in Rosen High School with the sole purpose of why he's willing the book club mommies to get the votes he needs for the Skywalk budget. yes, flash card stats on his faculty. he really was a guy who went above and beyond to give these kids a good education. also spend eight hundred thousand dollars a year on his Manhattan apartment using the school's card. Allison Janney plays Pam, who was also in and all this thing is she let everyone in her family get a card. while I'm over here stingy with my HBO password, just put it on the car. Jimmy Tatro, who plays your song, can get away with vandalism, but putting $30,000 worth of supplies all in one day isn't gonna go unnoticed, especially when you also have do you think anybody could ever find out about the PlayStation? I might have also done a little early Christmas shopping. 1608, Lloyd and Taylor and another 12 amazing. yet, before Penn can even stick it to them, she's also too busy getting flashes. what did I tell you? you don't find anything. they forced Jenny to pay back the $250,000 they found missing, which this lady spends so much that when she heard that number, she thought it was pocket change, until she heard and you'll finish out the workweek and resign quietly. and so Jenny hits that pitch, that wonder the Oscar. hi MA, hi MA. Pam hands all the proof to Rachael, the school's journalist researching contract bids for the school, because in her eyes, she wasn't doing anything wrong. and it's ironic in the movies timeline, because if it wasn't for them actually caring, they would have never been caught. it's only a puff piece, if you let it be a puff piece that's said. they did all have jet skis in real life, and, you know, obviously they couldn't film that for safety reasons in the movie, so instead they had this deleted suit. you know, we have this motif throughout that was always a part of my except of dripping ceilings as sort of the, you know, the slow drip drip of information, or the, there's, there's something up there that's gonna come down on all of our heads, the sort of sort of Damocles image. we put, you know, renowned movie star Hugh Jackman under a giant deluge of water that came out of the ceiling in like, our big stunt. and the very last thing that we shot, I had been so attached to this idea this was gonna be the big moment of the most expensive and it just didn't have the effect that we thought it was. because Frank accuses Phil, the auditor of falsifying records. that now gives Phil the fear to not speak up on his finding, something that Frank is, frankly, too good at. I know what you wanted to pan, and I couldn't just notice that necklace you have on our here really complements your eyes. we think is, is that a Macy's purchase? or are we talking Lord and Taylor election? especially utilities, you say, yeah, either way, those expenses aren't going away. and they've noticed. $20,000 dropped for a first class flight to London with a sidepiece. $55,000 and weight loss doctors, pizza ovens, even though the schools leaking. and that eight hundred and three thousand dollars a year for the Manhattan apartment that they've had for a decade. it's only a puff piece, if you let it be a puff piece. Pam's family picture ends up being the only perfect thing about them, so she snitches. Frank gets arrested in Vegas. Jenny and the special utilities gets arrested. and even show case Frank's domestic partner of 33 years, which I'll leave this link right here so that the real guy can talk about his open relationship. you'll probably even have his own series on the matter soon. but it's interesting to hear his thoughts on Hughes performance of himself. and he actually defended me and said I was a very good superintendent. but I think he did a good job playing me, especially at the end, when you know, I'm in prison and I walk out, because I did lose all of that because of greed and because I made a terrible error and I broke the law. oh, you still got it. while the ending line is a crazy one for the movie, the real life documents on the investigation are insane, claiming that the volume of stuff missing is just too great for them to ever know how much they truly spent. the most important character, in my eyes, is Rachel, a composite character made up of the schools journalists as well as others who broke the story that are still unknown. there was some stuff that we shot and ended up pulling out of the movie that did happen in real life, involving an anonymous letter. I'll just, I'll just say that and encourage anyone read about it. so there will definitely be more adaptations of this, and hopefully one day we find out who spilled a tea. the screenwriter talked about how the school budget, what-what they had to play with, Becca no.4, was 82 million dollars, if it gives you a figure to think about. and I love how in their site, it conveniently stops the record of construction projects prior 207. but that's the point, you know, multi-million dollar projects are the key, because it's so easy for a hundred grand to get lost when you're dealing with 80 mil Chi, like I'll have PPP, small, big businesses have been taken, but of course, they returned all of it. Frank is just a guy wondering why his hard work can get the Karan's of the neighborhood the life they want, but supervising their future hasn't earned him some eye cream. because education has always been one of the great, like, means of generational wealth, just, you know, keeping your line going, sort of, by investing in your kids education. there's a scene in the movie where Frank recognizes a bartender who was actually one of his students from 15 years ago. which I found funny because I was also like, you having deja vu. you guys don't know that, but this man here, I used to teach you a tapping in the school in London, yes. but it really is crazy to see the alum that came out of rosalind. michael crichton, who wrote Westworld in Jurassic Park, he graduated from there, and he's on record saying that he got a good education. Howard Gordon, who wrote 24, came from there. the CEO of Activision, the founder of Home Depot, CEO of the Mets. Jen Selter, there's a reason why they have teachers talking about real estate, because they know that the houses are worth more when the public schools around are really good. town is only as good as its school system. so knowing rich people, these parents pretty much treat educators like customer service employees. you listen to me. you don't want to see us as people, because that is not convenient for you. so it really is a game of taken take. students are defending Frank cause he's writing their letter recommendations. so they're willing to change and tweak the headlines. you know, they're just continuing to cover mold with paints. it's not perfect, but it works. what we have here works. I hope we can keep it that way. I also found Phil, the auditor, paralleled Rachael's father, and his knowledge of his peers insider trading. which brings up the question, once you know, are you still an innocent bystander? there's no doubt that what they did was wrong, but, you know, it still got them to be top five is it's not dismissing their wrongdoings. it's just highlighting how others also took advantage of it. yeah, look the other way. just stop it. on the contrary, we come in here every day at the crack of dawn because we care. these are supervisors who give their all and receive like a fraction back. and it's crazy to think that it's really taking a pandemic for some parents to realize that they're also watching your kids for you, while investing in their future. and that's what bad education does effectively. as Corey Finley told us, if the blame can't squarely fall on one individual, then it clearly falls on the system. it'll be the first skywalk on all of Long Island. thank you guys for checking out this video. and I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section, if you've got this one over on HBO. I think it's a masterpiece. every time i rewatch it, i keep finding new things. so, yeah, we were really lucky to get an interview, and that's all things to Zach. he was messaging as much as possible. if you're not watching over on the intercut podcasts, it's where we try to do interviews only for the movies that we really like. it's the only time we reach out, we usually always get told no. so whenever we get told yes, and it's for a movie we actually really, really like, that's pretty dope. so he was cool enough to talk for 45 minutes over there. and there's a lot of other great stuff from the writer as well, who also claimed he had a great education. because it's crazy to think that the guy he's writing the story on, he hired the teachers who made him be the writer he is. here's the shape Who I am today, though, this humanism, right? my high school, middle school teachers, that's all I heard of, like, right when I was a kid. or my first readers on the scripts, because they'd all been there at the time. so I was like, there, you know, writing me notes and the margins of my scripts, like they used to read my papers. so, yeah, it's crazy. you know, it's also crazy to think that the good guys couldn't even remember is a fake ex-wife. but Kirsten, are your thoughts on this? I also had a great score composer of us and get out. so there's also that to it, and I really think that there's a lot of cool aspects to it. but I really hope, considering that I got the HBO release, then we find a way to get a bunch of the deleted scenes, cuz there's some, there's some really cool stuff that I that I hope gets released. I were in the outtakes. I'm curate thoughts on below in the comments section. any other things that you noticed there? if you went to the school, if you're one of the fashion kids who gave money to pants, the pants is not a character, but the real Pam. I'm curious to know what else happened during that time. definitely let me know of any other stuff you want us to cover down below in the comment section. let me know your theories, your thoughts, all of that. and until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you too can walk the show. 