welcome to the man of recaps. this is the falcon and the winter soldier. now, remember, at the end of avengers end game, old steve rogers gave the captain america shield to his friend sam wilson, the falcon, in the hopes that he would take up the mantle. but sam's like, hey, i'm no captain america. i can't replace steve. i'm gonna donate the shield to the museum. and so for now, he's still working with the us. air force as the falcon, doing sweet aerial missions. he fights a familiar villain, batroc. i remember the guy steve fought at the beginning of the winter soldier movie. it's a super sweet action scene, and sam saves the day. but almost immediately, the government decides to take the shield out of the museum and name a new captain america. who the heck is this douchebag? this is john walker. and actually he's a really great guy, all-american war hero, not a super soldier, but he's the best they got. but sitting at home watching this is bucky barnes like, oh, hell nah. now, bucky's been having a hard time trying to come to terms with all the terrible things he did when he was the brainwashed hydra assassin, the winter soldier. he's going to therapy, and he's got a list going of people to make amends. he befriended this one old guy whose son he killed, but he's avoiding that conversation, saving that one for last. anyway, now he tracks down saying, i'm like, you see this new clown they're calling captain america? these two have some real funny banter going. they got a kind of antagonistic relationship. but sam's like, yo, since you're here, come help me with this new mission. there's new group out there causing trouble called the flag smashers, and their leaders are super soldiers. sam and bucky track them down and meet this little redhead girl, but, oh, she packs a wallop. yes, she is carly morgan thou, their leader. so they have a big fight on top of the trucks. but they're all super soldiers, so sam bucky are outmatched. but here to help him out is the new captain america. yeah. john walker busted in with his best friend and partner, lamar. the flag smashers managed to get away, but john walker's like, hey guys like we should team up, but sam and bucky are not feeling it. this guy's just got a really punchable face. now we get to know carly and the flag smashers, and turns out they're really not bad guys. during the five years when half the population was snapped away from many people, the world was a better place. everyone left behind bonded together. their whole motto was, one world, one people. but now that everyone's back, so many people are displaced as refugees, and the world governments like don't care about them. yeah, the flag smashers are mostly stealing supplies and medicine for these refugees. although carly does blow up this building with guards still inside it. so kind of bad. but how did these guys become super soldiers? well, bucky has one potential lead. it's this old guy, isaiah bradley, who was another american super soldier fought during the korean war, but being a black man, he wasn't named to the new captain america. he was locked away for 30 years and experimented on. but there's another person who might know where the new super soldier serum came from. it is zemo, the villain of civil war. he immediately tries the codewords to activate bucky's winter soldier programming. but luckily, that doesn't work anymore. he's like, hey, i had to try though. zemo hates super powered people. that's his whole thing. so he's happy to help him track these guys down. and he does have a lead for them, but sam's like, hey, i'm not breaking zima out of prison. bucky's like, well, good news. you don't have to. i already did. now turns out zemo is super rich. yeah, he's baron zemo. he was cycovian royalty. he's got his own alfred type of butler. he's kind of batman. during the civil war movie, he was kind of a bland, boring villain, but now we get to know him, he's actually kind of a hilarious, charismatic guy. it's easy to forget he is a murdering psychopath. so he takes them to madripore, the island nation. that's like a haven of crime. they're undercover. he's pretending that he's got the winter soldier under his control. again, sam's pretending to be some warlord called the smiling tiger. but when he gets a call from his sister. his cover's blown. so everyone in madrid is hunting them down. luckily, they meet a friend. it's sharon carter. back in civil war, remember, she helped sam and steve stole the captain america shield and his falcon wings for them. but unlike the rest of these heroes, she was never pardoned, so she's still hanging out here in madrid. she's done pretty well for herself though. she's now a successful black market art dealer. in fact, she's thrown a big party that night, and this is zemo's scene. yes, it's the dance and zemo shot that is now a phenomenon. anyway, they checked on scientists that made the new super soldier serum for the leader of madrapore, the power broker carly. and the flag smasher still the only samples he had. and to make sure he doesn't make more, zemo shoots him. meanwhile, outside, bounty hunters have caught up to them, and sharon gets her own epic fight scene. well, she's a badass. zemo comes to help, puts on the purple ski mask he found. and don't forget, he's a one-man army. for now, they still need zemo's help. but soon bucky gets a visit from the wakandan elite female fighting force, the dora milaje. he knows them well. remember, he spent some time in wakanda, and it was actually them who helped him on brainwash his winter soldier programming. she's like, hey, we're here for zemo. remember he killed our old king to chaka? bucky's like, hey, we need his help for now. it's like, well, we'll be back soon. and indeed, by giving candy to children, it is zemo who finds out where carly's hiding. sam goes in to talk her down, and they really connect. it's like, yeah, you've got really legitimate grievances, but you can't be killing people. just then, though, john walker busts in, fists blazing, so it turns into a fight. zemo almost gets carly, but he does get the rest of the super soldier serums. he has no interest in taking it himself. instead, he destroys all the remaining samples, all except one, which john walker finds watch out for that when the dorm elijah comes for zemo. john walker's kind of a douche, and they gotta lay the smack down. while everyone's having a bit of an argument, zemo's just chilling. he's like, yeah, i think it's my cue to leave. pretty soon though, they catch up to him, and they're taking him off to the raft. yeah, i remember the big super villain prison in the middle of the ocean. so once again, they tracked down the flag smashers, but this time, boom, oh, john walker's got super strength. yeah, he took that last serum. it's a big old fight. but now carly punches his best friend, lamar, way too hard for someone who's not a super soldier. and lamar is dead. no, john walker is real mad. now this guy surrenders, but oh, he goes for the kill shot, and oh, with the shield, murders him. that is not the captain america way. he defiled the shield. and now it's trending on tick-tock. seems like, hey, man, you gotta hand over that shield. but john doesn't wanna. so it's an epic fight. now, super soldiered up. john walker gets sam and oh, rips his wings off. but in the end, they managed to overpower him take the shield away. so john walker is in big trouble. they strip him of the title captain america. but he gets a visit from julia. louise dreyfus. oh, it's veep. she is contessa valentina allegra de fontaine, and she's kind of a funny character. doesn't explain who she is, but she's like, hey, you did the right thing killing that guy. i'll call you later. so without any current leads, sam goes home to louisiana, where his nephews and sister live. she's been running the family shrimping company. but the boat's breaking down, so it's up to sam and bucky to do a little boat fixing montage. but finally, these two have a real good bro chat over a game of captain america frisbee. these two had that funny relationship where they weren't really friends, but they both had that mutual best friend, steve. but now they are officially bros for life. and then it's time for a good old-fashioned training montage, as sam is finally ready to take up the mantle of captain america. so at carly's final plan, they're gonna take hostage the whole council, or whatever. sam got a gift from the wakandans, a new set of falcon wings, and they gave it a paint job to reflect that he is now the true captain america. sweet captain america's biggest weakness was always that he couldn't fly something that sam now can. he pulls some epic moves and proves that even without the super soldier serum, he is a tier one hero. bucky, meanwhile, is on the ground fighting the flag smashers. but john walker shows up, still claiming to be captain america. in fact, he made his own shield in the garage. yeah, he's basically a cosplayer, a super strong cosplayer who's a little demented now and hell-bent on revenge. carly drives a truck of hostages off the thing, and jon's gotta make a big choice. does he save the hostages or go after carly? for a while there it looked like he was gonna go full villain, but now he decides to save the hostages. he remembers he's a good guy. the flag smashers grab him though, so the truck's still gonna fall, but, oh, it's caught by the real new flying captain america. now, sharon carter came here to help, and in fact, it's her who catches carly. but wait, these two know each other, because turns out sharon is the power broker. batroc's here too. he fought sam earlier by kicking a chair. but now, to keep her secret, sharon shoots him, and carly shoots sharon. sam shows up just after, so he didn't hear sharon's secret. but he and carly have their final fight. he refuses to fight her, though he's trying to get through to her, so he just flips away. in the end, though, carly's too far gone. she's gonna shoot him, but, oh, sharon shoots her first. she was okay. and as she dies in sam's arms, carly apologizes. she realized maybe she was in the wrong. so sam flies her on in and gives these world leaders a stern talking to. it's like, hey, so you guys understand right that from her perspective, you guys are the bad guys. you gotta shape up and start actually helping people. and it looks like he kind of gets through to them. so the day is saved. it's time to wrap things up. the rest of the flat smashers are captured, but, oh, someone blows up their van. it was baron zemo's alfred type butler. oh, even from the raft, he's pulling the strings. john walker is reinstated, but not as captain america. he's got a black suit. now, we don't get much info yet, but val dubs him. the u.s agent. sharon carter finally gets her pardon, and she's reinstated. but she's not given up her life as the power broker, and now she's gonna sell tons of state secrets. bucky finally has the tough conversation with the old guy, sorry, i killed your son. and he's able to finish his amends list. and sam goes for tough talk with isaiah about how any black man could wear the stars and stripes when america is still so awful to black people. but sam's like, hey, i just gotta keep fighting to make the world a better place. and in fact, he starts by adding a section to the captain america museum that honors isaiah for his service. and so that's where the falcon in the winter soldier, season one comes to an end. and in fact, the final episode credits change the name to captain america in the winter soldier. oh yeah, if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tvn movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 