Welcome to Movies Explained, today we're looking at, Annihilation. A woman is sitting on a chair with people looking from outside the glass. Three men dressed in white protective gear are questioning her. The man asks that what did you eat and what rations she had for two weeks. He reveals that you have been inside for four months. The woman says she doesn\xe2\x80\x99t know anything. The man interrogates her about what happened to Radek, Josie, and other people as they were together. She gives them the same answer again,, \xe2\x80\x9cI don\xe2\x80\x99t know.\xe2\x80\x9d Scene shifts to a class. Professor Lena is teaching the students about cells and their evolution. She tells them that all cells were the extension of one cell. 4 billion years ago, a single organism existed on the plane of the earth and universe. It became 2, then four, then 8, and so one. She then shows a tumor cell of a female patient in her early 30's from the cervix. She tells them they will be observing tumors, cells in vitro and autophagic activity in their classes. She is leaving for home when Dan stops her and asks her to join Sara for a garden party. She says she already has plans that day. Dan tries to convince her, but she tells him she has to paint her bedroom, so she can't come. Dan tells her that it has been almost a year. You are allowed to go to a barbeque. It is not a betrayal and disgrace to his memory. She leaves and comes to her house, where she cries by looking and the picture of his husband, Kane. She starts painting their bedroom when a man comes from behind, which is Kane. Lena is astonished upon his arrival. She hugs and kisses him. She shares her concern with Kane that no one knew about his unit. His partner also knew as little as she did. Lena tries to ask Kane what the mission was about; was it covert? Kane has no answer and says I don't know; maybe the mission was covert. She keeps on questioning him about, where was the mission?, Where was your base, and what about the rest of the unit. Kane has no answer to her questions. Lena says, that, you have been gone for more than 12 months, and I don't know is not the kind of answer I deserve. She then asks him, that how did you get home? He tells him, I was outside the room, I saw you, and I recognized you and your face. Kane drinks water, and his condition starts to deteriorate. Lena calls the ambulance. While they are in it, heading to the hospital, when Special Forces stop them and take them to Area X. Lena wakes up in a room feeling the hangover from the sedative injected into her. A woman comes in and tells her to sit. Lena asks her,, who are you. She gives Lena some water and tells her that I am doctor Ventress, and I am a psychologist. She insists on knowing where she is and where her husband is. Dr. Ventress tells her that you served in the military for seven years. Lena cuts her and says that I am a professor from John Hopkins. She asks Dr. Ventress for Kane again. Dr. Ventress doesn't answer her question. Instead, she counters questions and says, when did Kane come back home? Did he tell you what happened to him, or he contacted you at any point? Lena says, no, he didn't. Dr. Ventress keeps directing questions towards Lena. In the end, when Lena says, I am not answering your questions now; it's your turn. Dr. Ventress tells her that her husband is extremely ill. His multiple organs are failing, and there is massive internal bleeding. Lena guesses that he must be in contact with some radiation or virus. She insists Dr. Ventress tell her what happened to Kane, so that she can help him. Dr. Ventress takes her out and shows her the thing they call The Shimmer. Dr. Ventress tells Lena that they have many theories about this thing. It started three years ago when Blackwater National Park got surrounded by something people call the Shimmer. The event was classified. We sent people, animals approached the place from sea and land, but nothing ever came out. The boundary of the Shimmer is expanding. She also tells her that they evacuated the areas close to it under the pretense of chemical spills, but this protection will not last long, and the site will grow to what it was. Lena says that nothing comes back, but something did, to which Dr. Ventress says, yes. The scene goes to the ICU, where Kane is on a ventilator. Lena cries and says that he is dying,, isn\xe2\x80\x99t he? Dr. Ventress tells her that we have to decide what to do with you, Lena. Lena asks her that you are not going to let me go home, to which Dr. Ventress says, that do you want to go home? Lena says no. The scene shifts, and Kane and Lena are lying on the bedside by the side. Lena says to Kane that you are thinking about his next mission, to which he says, I am looking at the moon. It is weird to see it in the daylight. Lena says, God made a mistake. Kane corrects her and says, he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t make mistakes; that is the key to be a god. Lena says, he does. She starts explaining to Kane about the cell, that it doesn\xe2\x80\x99t grow old. it becomes immortal. It keeps dividing, but never dies. They say aging is a natural process, but actually, it is a fault in our genes. She then directs a question towards Kane, that, where are you heading this time. She says, something is strange about this one. Kane asks her why she feels this way, to which she says, that the silence around you is louder than usual. Kane smiles at her and says, I know we will be under the same hemisphere. Lena looks at her with suspicion and says, what does this mean. He explains that you will step outside in the garden and look at the same stars, like me. They both laugh and make love. Lena is standing alone when a woman comes to her and makes an introduction. Anya takes her to her friends, and they all greet Lena. Cassie Sheppard, Josie Radek make their introduction. While they are drinking, one of them asks her that, is this your first day at Southern Reach. Lena counters the question and says, you have been here for a long time. Josie tells her that she is a physicist, testing magnetic fields around the boundary, and has been here for two months. Cassie tells her that she is an anthropologist, Anya\xe2\x80\x99s a paramedic. They ask Lena for her story. She tells them that she is a biologist. Anya and the others tell her that they were making guesses about her, that she is from law enforcement, single,, etc. They then reveal to her that they are going inside the Shimmer in four days, and the team of scientists will be lead by Dr. Ventress. Cassie tells her that all the previous units that went in the Shimmer were military, and now it is time for the scientists to go. Lena asks them, that what do you think happened to the people there? Anya tells her that there are two theories. One is that something kills them, and the second is that they become crazy and kill each other. They then talk about a military guy who came out, a sergeant. They are talking about Kane, but Lena doesn\xe2\x80\x99t tell them her connection to him. Kane is kept in intensive care and is in quarantine. Lena comes to see him and sits close to him. She says, I am so sorry. I know what I have to do now. Dr. Ventress asks her that you didn\xe2\x80\x99t tell the women about you and Kane. Lena says that it would complicate things. Lena then asks Dr. Ventress that why she is going in the shimmer? She reads the mission statement, to which Lena says, that your mission statement is not like this one. Dr. Ventress tells her that I have selected volunteers, sent teams inside, and watched them never return. I watch the shimmer grow closer, and I want to know what is happening inside. Lena agrees with her and says she wants answers too. Lena reveals her intention of joining them in the expedition. She says, I can't do anything from here. I have to go in. The man appears again and says, that you requested to join a mission with no survivors, and the only one that came out was barely surviving. Lena says that I owed Kane this, and so I went in. The team enters the Shimmer. Lena has a vision of her affair with his colleague, Dan. She wakes up inside a camp, unzips it, and goes outside. Anya and Cassie are searching for the food rations. Lena says that she is a little disoriented. They all tell her that they also don\xe2\x80\x99t remember setting up a camp, and we remember nothing after entering the Shimmer. Cassies says that the food depletion indicates that we have been inside for at least 3 to four days. Lena says in shock that this is not possible. They check for signals, but they find none. They are in Shimmer with no comms, no radio, and no compass. Dr. Ventress says that this was all expected after three years of radio silence. They pack their stuff and start moving. They find a swamp, and Lena looks at the flowers and says that it is strange. They are different, so you wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t know they are from the same species. but are growing from the same branch structure, so they have to be from the same species. They all start collecting different samples. Suddenly, something grabs Redek inside the small hut by the water. Lena and others follow her and help her to get out of it. There is a splashing and growling sound. They all point a gun at the water. An alligator comes out, and they start shooting it multiple times. It is not affected by a single bullet, but after some shots, it finally dies. Lena opens its mouth and checks it. She says that something is making changes in the genes. Dr. Ventress guesses it may be a crossbreed, but Lena thinks it can't be between different species. Lena tells the man about the mutations that were subtle in the beginning and got corrupt as she got close to the light. The man asks him that were there hallucinations? Lena says that I wonder that myself, but everything was shared. It was not always like a nightmare sometimes; it was beautiful. All of them are traveling in a boat when Cassie asks Lena about years in the military. She says, what you wear around your neck, to which Lena replies, my husband. Cassie says that everyone here is damaged goods. Anya is an addict. Josie tried to take her own life. while Dr. Ventress had no friends and no family. She then tells her about her daughter, whom she lost to leukemia. They find the headquarters of the last team. They go in, drop their bags and go looking around. Lena finds a board with the names of the soldiers from the previous expedition. Some of the names were crossed. Dr. Ventress finds a sealed plastic bag with a memory card. They play the video and see Kane carrying a field operation. Kane cuts the man's stomach, and something is moving in his intestines. Anya says that this can\xe2\x80\x99t happen. They conclude that all the people went mad. All of them start arguing. Josie says that I don't want to stay here. Lena sees a dream of Kane leaving for the mission. He says, I love you, and leaves. Lena wakes up and goes to check on Dr. Ventress. Dr. Ventress tells her the plan and says that it was good not to tell them about Kane. I am not sure how they must have reacted. Lena asks Dr. Ventress that why she volunteered for a suicide mission? She says, you are confusing self-destruction with suicide. They are talking when the lights go off, and they hear some noises. They take a look at the fence and find out something crossed it. Suddenly, something takes Cassie and disappears. In the morning, everyone is scared. Anya says that we are attacked twice, we should go back, but Ventress says we have to reach the lighthouse. She argues that we have pictures, data, graphs, and everything. we should go. Lena says that the best route to reach out is to go to the base. The man asks Lena that you lied to her. He says, you made decisions, to which Lena says, Ventress did. The man said that you knew she was never coming back, and she had cancer. She said, I guessed. I wanted to continue. Lena guesses that Cassie can be alive. She goes to check out and finds her dead body. They find a place to camp. They see flowers growing in human shape. Anya says it doesn't make any sense. Josie tells her it does. She explains her theory that the shimmer breaks light waves. The signals are not gone; they scramble. She further tells them that shimmer is like a prism. it refracts everything, not just waves, but all kinds of DNA. They find a house, secure it, and go to take some sleep. Lena wakes up in the middle of the night and finds mutations in her blood. Anya points a gun at her and ties Lena, Ventress, and Josie to a chair. She says that Lena is a liar, and she killed Cassie. She is crying and venting when Cassie's voice comes, and Anya follows. The mutant bear comes and kills Anya before they kill it. Ventress leaves for the lighthouse. Josie is scared and says that Cassie's voice in the creature;. Josie says to Lena that you want to fight this thing. Ventress wants to face it; I can't do both. She goes and becomes a human flower. The man said, all of them disappeared. why didn't you. She says, I knew I had to come back; they didn't. Lena goes into the lighthouse. She finds a camera and plays the video. Kane says that I thought I was a man, had a life, and people called me Kane. I am not sure anymore. He says. the man behind the camera finds Lena and blows a grenade, and dies. The man comes and is an alien who assumes Kane's identity. Lena finds his remains there. She goes down the hole and finds Ventress saying some words. Ventress becomes a glowing structure that absorbs a drop of blood from Lena's eyes, creating an entity that mimics Lena. She runs and goes out of the hole. The entity follows Lena, and Lena is unable to escape. She hands a grenade to the creature and flees. The creature touches Kane's remains and ignites the lighthouse. The shimmer fades as she runs. The man tries to get some details from Lena about the alien, and says, " Do you remember its form, to which she replies no. The man says that it came here for a reason. It was mutating and destroying everything. Lena disagrees and says it was making something. She gets to know that Kane's condition stabilized after the shimmer went down. Lena wants to see him and asks that you are not Kane. He replies, I am not. Are you, Lena, and she says, I don't know? Both of them hug each other, and their irises shimmer, and the movie ends. 