welcome back to movies recapped today. i am going to explain a chinese adventure thriller film called hanson and the beast. a boy comes on the scene at the start of the film. it appeared as if he was fleeing from any source of fear. it is revealed, after a keen observation, that it was not anything else but a fox, which bruises him. that boy's name is yuan. then that same boy is seen sitting with a girl. that girl is telling him that i am a fox demon. some people begin to pursue them as they are conversing. those people begin to run after that girl and that boy. yuan also reaches the washroom of a hotel. while running, unfortunately, there was already another boy in the washroom who strikes yuan's stomach very badly. consequently, yuang loses his strength. so those people carries yuan to a desolate place. along with them there were some wicked people who were looking like the criminals. they begin to scare yuan, threatening him. after this, they say to him, return our debt. an awkward sight is also shown there, that a man cuts his fingers there. and these all people move, grabbing all his money. then yuang returns to his house from there. and he is threatened, we will kill you if you don't pay our debt on time. the same girl comes to his house again. she says, yuan, why are you not believing in me? that i am a fox demon in reality? in spite of it, yuan does not believe in her. and that girl transformed into her real appearance as a fox demon. she was a lovely white fox demon. but who isn't scared of it? so yuan is also scared of her. and he begins to run away. he thinks how any human may transform into a fox now the scene takes a turn, and a boy is seen watching news on tv. news is about that fox demon. moving to his other companions, he tells them that a fox demon is wandering in the city nowadays. now they begin to plan that we will surely make that fox demon capture. and that boy, yuan, also wished the same. in the meantime, it is noted that he falls from the floor of his house. yuan falls unconscious. the next morning, he is surrounded by a large crowd. they start taking his photos and making his videos. coming into senses, yuan feels embarrassment. standing straight, he runs from there. yuan returns to his house back. but those people who were asking their debt from him come to him again. they leave, taking him with them. they say, your given time is over. return our money, otherwise we maltreat you as such as you will remember forever. what will you remember? we will not let you survive. they are talking. then that fox demon girl arrives there. she rescues yuan coming there, and she takes her real appearance. seeing her, all people, or moneylenders, are panicked. they leave that place. then the leader of that place is seen, who is leading those moneylenders. he asks to all, which is that fox demon and where did it come and i need details about her. who is she? how did she transform into a fox demon? who did inform her about our location? but those all people say to their head, we know nothing about her. so that leader becomes furious, and he captures a girl, and he turns her insane, while injecting anzi, takes her in his custody. and he also captures a boy along with her. injecting him, he turns him into a cat. so he is reduced in his size. now yuan is shown making any sort of deal with some people. two people arrive to him, including a boy and a girl. and they are saying to him that we will have to show ourselves as a fake couple. there will also be required a baby for us for this purpose. he may belong to anyone. we just need to show ourselves as a family. yuan is also saying to them, don't worry. i will carry out your all tasks. then that fox demon appears there. that fox demon tears the shirt of yuan. coming there as they were still conversing, she tears off the sleeve of his shirt. yuan says to him, what is the trouble with you? why are you not leaving me? had i asked you to rescue me, you spoil my dealing with my customers disputing like this. do you know which challenging period that i am facing? money is my most urgent need right now, and i'm doing it for this reason. it's better if you leave me both then depart from there. after a few days, euro's head approaches there and says to him, i know that a fox demon is disturbing you. do you also want to get rid of her? you on tells, yeah, but how did you know? about it. that bureau's head says, i know everything. he tells yuang, revealing himself that i have access to such places. i have much money and authority. and the interesting fact is this, i also want to capture that demon fox and you can assist me in this matter. secondly, i also know it that money is your dire need right now, and i can support you in this matter. there is an injection. you may inject it in the neck of that fox demon. i will also give you that injection. i will also award you much money in return that your life may take a new turn. yuan says to him, i have no knowledge about you. and how can i inject the neck of any girl? i don't know why and how is she a fox demon? i never made such deal till now. but that bureau's head hands yuan over some money before work, and he says, keep this money later i will also award you the heap of money. my assigned tasks should be accomplished now. yuang goes to a fair after being agreed where that fox demon had to visit. he begins to search for her. he notices that she is gathering some shattered, lying items, selling it. she gets money guan. yuan asks her, why are giving this money to me? that fox demon says to yuan, because i have affections for you now. i am not going to ever leave you. yuan shows his anger on her, moves somewhere else where. she is maltreated by many people, being suffered. she moves into a room. some people are singing there. the man who was there was wealthiest. there was heap of money lying aside. so he says to that fox demon, you may own all money if you sing a soothing song. meantime, there is fuss. it is seen that bureau's head with his team approaches there. they begin to target all people who were present there. now they go to that room where that fox demon was singing a song, but they checked that there is not fox demon. there is only one girl sitting with that landlord. she has put on the glasses. actually, yuan had taken fox demon along with him, and he brings her into his house. at this time, yuang had rescued that fox demon. they stay a night together. contrarily, that bureau's head is investigating the people. he kills all people except that girl with glasses. he says, reveal about that fox demon at any cost. on the other side, fox demon is awakened somehow. when she is sleeping, she checks that a person is ringing phone. he was not any strange man, but the father of yuan. he asks that fox demon girl through a call, who are you? where is my son? that fox demon says that he is sleeping. contrarily, it is shown when that bureau's head is unable to get details from that girl with glasses, so he makes her to cut her throat. it means he ends her. then he proceeds to the house of yuan and fox demon. yuan and fox demon also get to know about this, so they escape from there. but those wicked moneylenders were powerful. they capture them. taking the benefit of that, that fox girl again transforms into the fox demon, and she flees accompanying yuan. meanwhile, they attack that fox demon many times. so she is injured. yuan is taking her on his back. suddenly, some people take fox demon into their vehicle. coming there, they take care of her and treat her wound. yuan and the fox demon heads to some places. she recovers there was going on filming. taking the advantage of it, they changed their dress and they changed their appearance, so they may not be recognized. but the fox demon notices that bureau s head has again approached there. she was tired because she had already injured. so she kneels down. she says to him, going there, inject me that injection that you desire. what was the other task of bureau s head? so he injects her. then the scene timing is over here. three months later, yuang arrives on the scene, who is looking sorrowful. and he is seated on a swing with his father. his father says to him, my son, i know why are you sad? why are you not covering your guilt? you are thinking this is you have neither authority nor money that you may take that fox demon back, rescuing her. but remember it, the most precious thing is in this world is your relationship with someone. you may go and rescue that girl because she is very decent girl, and she likes you. just observe this power of relationship will drag her towards you. yuan says to his father while meeting, okay, i will take that fox demon back rescuing her. then he directly moves to that man who had assisted both of them in the vehicle. that man informs yuan that that fox demon has been put to death. now it is too late. you are late. he infuriates him, saying, where were you before you on starts weeping bitterly and also blaming himself. then tv broadcasts a news that fox demon is in the psychiatric hospital because she'd gone insane. hearing yuan, he regained some of his confidence. he resolves that he will always come to her aid in any situation. and that man brings him in a restaurant who had assisted him. he says that it is enchanted restaurant. keep it secret. it is going to help you out. they move to a chef there who makes a mask using flour, and he puts it on the face of yuan. as a result, he begins to look like that bureau's head. then they move to an elevator like the refrigerator, which begins to move down. afterwards, it is turned like rocket. they directly reach their wear bureau s rehabilitation center was situated. in fact, it was not the government or private center where fox demon was kept. it was not a separate place, but it was situated in that bureau's area. that head was runner of that bureau s rehabilitation center. going there, yuang pretends as he is the head of this place. he commands the people there that rehabilitation center should be unlocked. i need to meet that fox demon. when yuan goes there disguising bureau's head, he discovers that poor fox demon is seriously ill. he has been tied with the heavy chains, and her face has distorted. he says to her, going near her, don't worry. but fox demon is considering her the bureau's head, so she begins to attack her, unmasking him. yuan says, look, i am here, yuan. but that fox demon bites him because she is panicked. now yuan is accompanying her, while explaining her. on the opposite side, the real bureau's head approaches. he asks them, who are you all? what are you doing here? how dare you release her from here? then yuang and his companions say to him, you are fake. from where had you come? then yuan and his companion play a game there. they speak before everyone, you are unreal. how have you come here? the real bureau's head says, oh, it is the matter. take my wings. he spreads his large black wings outside, which were the identity of him here, yuan gets worried. i did not know that he possesses wings. from where should i appear the wings? he is still thinking, it will a great dishonor before everyone, but i will also be targeted. then god supports him. some prisoners begin to come out of the ground who had been made captive there. they had also got the chance to take their revenge. they soon attack real bureau's head and begin to pull his wings. one of the men unlocks the door. consequently, all captives are released. being united, they start to attack him. this act was interesting, having a climax. then a child is seen trying to rescue that fox demon. the storyline then takes a turn when yuan and the fox demon board a train together. it is working on water. it means they both were secure now, and they were departing from here securely. and the movie ends on this scene as well. subscribe for watch more video. turn notification on. please comment and like, share. thank you for watching. 