hey people. john here from the fast films. and today we are talking about a 2015 horror comedy movie called freaks of nature. movie opens with the narrator telling us that it's a friday night in his hometown, ohio. he and his girlfriend are running from zombies that are none other than their neighbors. they get inside a house where they again confront more zombies, and eventually a massacre breaks out there, and most of them are killed in return. only three manage to escape the death. it's then a spacecraft out of nowhere appears outside, descending, and then some aliens show up there. he says, what he is doing with these two freaks? he then says, let me back up. then we are introduced to dag, who tells his friend parmender that lorelai comes to his house very often, and he thinks that she is interested in him. parmender tells him that she doesn't really like him. it's just because she stashes her weed at his house. when dag asks him how he knows this, parmender tells him that lorelei's father is a christian scientist. he tells dag that people in school call him a weed locker. suddenly, dag sees lorelei and tries to talk to her, but she goes away. then we see petra and milan, who is a vampire, next to the lockers. he reminds petra about the vamp party that is tonight. petra tells him that she has heard that vamp parties can be a little horrific. milan tells her that she doesn't need to come to the party if she is not comfortable or scared. but she tells him that she is not scared and she will come. as they talk, a guy named ned arrives and asks milan to move aside as he is standing next to his locker. milan beats him up and walks away with petra. in the next scene, ned goes to the teacher's lounge and tells mr keller that he has misgraded his essay. mr keller, who is a vampire, is disappointed because he hasn't got any requests from girls on a dating website. he scolds ned and tells him that the f on his essay actually stands for fun. mr keller tells him that not everything in your life is under control. you cannot make people do what you want them to do. in the school's cafe, a guy asks petra if she will go with him to the vamp party, but she tells him that she has already decided to go with milan. then they see milan beating up neg again. a zombie girl helps him get his food tray. dag gets angry when he sees rick's car. parmender tells him that rick is sponsoring the baseball team this year. dag tells him that rick had fired his mother, peg parker, and that every time he sees dag, he talks about how he fired his mother. when rick meets dag, he recognizes him and asks him about his mother. he asks him what his mother is up to nowadays. dag tells him that she is just around the house since you fired her from the factory. then rick tells him that he wants to give him a word of advice. he sarcastically tells him that he shouldn't concentrate on the negative side and look at the bright aspect, because now he will have plenty of time to spend with his mother. rick tells all the boys in the ground that, out of 25 boys, 23 boys will lead inconsequential lives. and the remaining two boys will have a different journey. out of those two, one will be chosen and will become a shining star like him. at the vamp party, milan meets petra and tells her that he has waited for centuries to meet a girl like her. then he tries to bite her on the neck. she stops him, but milan persuades her by telling that lorelei had him for some time, but he wants petra to be with him forever. at the dinner, chas father, mr mosley, sees his injury and tells him that his dream to become a baseball player is shattered. chaz's mother stops his father from saying such awful things. then ned tells his parents and his brother chaz that he is upset because mr keller gave him an f on his essay. chas tells them that ned has been hanging around with zombies in school. but ned tells him that the zombie girl was just helping him with his gazpacho. ned's father asks him why he cannot eat riblet like everyone else. he tells him that he is allergic to riblets, and, besides, it contains tiny ribs hormones, stimulants and a chemical compound known as txp. he then tells them the diseases a riblet can cause. he tells them that the f on his essay would not get him the scholarship. his father tells him that he doesn't need to go to school now as he has to help him in the car lot. ned becomes sad about his father's decision and goes to his room. later, he goes to talk to ned and tells him that if he helps him in the car lot, they will get more time to spend together. but ned refuses and tells him that he has to fulfill his dream and he wants to become an engineer. his father tells him that if he doesn't want to help him, then he can work at the riblet plant like his mother. but tells him that neither he wants to become a meat bleacher, nor he wants to become hyundai salesman. after the dispute with his father, ned leaves the house in despair. the next scene opens when lorelei is in dag's room. she asks him about the stunt he did that day by hitting the ball on chas's face. he tells her that he wanted to impress her, and he feels that might fall in love with her. lorelei laughs at this and leaves. dag's parents come to his room and ask him about the weed he has in his room. dag tells them that it's not his, it belongs to his friend, laura lies. they tell him that they completely understand him and then leave. then assad ned is shown sitting on a broken wall. the zombie girl comes to him. ned thanks her for helping at the cafe. he asks her if she feels sad being a zombie, but she tells him that they love eating brains. ned takes off one of his shoes and asks her to eat his foot brain. petra looks at herself in the mirror and sees the scar that milan left on her neck at the vamp party. she vomits and cries because she is turning into a vampire. she goes to the market and buys herself a blood pack. ned joins the zombie girl's family. petra calls milan, but he doesn't pick her call. she realizes he has dumped her after spending the night at the vamp party with her. then ned turns into a zombie. he eats the brain. he looks at the sky and finds a flying saucer of aliens. mr keller also calls a meeting and tells that vampires suspect humans for the alien's arrival because there have been tensions between vampires and aliens. he tells all the other vampires that humans probably want to eliminate them. he says that all the humans are vampire wannabes, because they write books about us, make movies about us and dress up like a vampire at halloween. during this petra finds milan and waves at him, but he ignores her. on the contrary, chaz's father tells all the humans that vampires do not need to breathe or drink water. the aliens would ruin the earth. it's human's responsibility to defend this planet. he tells them that the humans must plan to attack before vampires could attack them. meanwhile, zombies run out of brain rations. ned tells them they should be asking for their rights, as it has been long since they have not been treated well. in the next scene, we see in the town that all the three species, humans, vampires and zombies, attack each other. petra runs into milan who is now with some other girl. petra tells her that she has been trying to call him, but there might be something wrong with his phone. he tells her that he is not interested in her anymore. she tells him that he did not turn lorelei into a vampire, but he bit her and transformed her into a vampire. milan tells her that lorelei's body is attractive and he cannot spoil it by biting her and turning it pale. he tells her that she is no more beautiful because she is all pale and veiny. now, when he leaves with his girlfriend, petra attacks him from behind, but milan hits her heart and throws onto a car. while dag is with lorelei, a couple of vampires enter his room. they get terrified and jump out of the window. they find mr mosley killing the vampires. lorelei tells him that he has done an impressive job. mr mosley tells her that he has been training for this since she was a toddler. suddenly, a few zombies attack him and start eating him up. lorelei and dag run away from the spot in horror. then we see petra, who finds lorelei running along with dag. they are being chased by a large crowd of zombies and vampires. petra gets angry and follows lorelei. dag and lorelai reach a house and lock themselves up. after some time, they find that the house is full of hungry zombies who haven't been supplied with brain rations. as they come to attack them, the vampires enter the house through the windows, and a bloody fight breaks out among them. dag tries to save lorelei from the zombies and vampires, but petra attacks her and bites her on the neck. when she approaches dag, he hits and she falls down on the floor. he tries to kill her with a pointed stick, but it's then ned attacks him. dagg somehow saves himself and kills the other vampires. suddenly, a police car slams into the house, and we see that only dag, petra and ned remain in the house. when they are about to fight with each other, they see that the aliens have descended on the land, and they are killing people. dag tells them that his piano teacher, mr miller, lives in the basement of this house. dag tells him to open up the door as they are coming. but the man from inside says that he is not mr miller, but his son, stuart miller, and he has been assuming a vampire attack for 10 years. he tells them that he is with his wife under the basement. dag tells him that they are not the vampires, they are the aliens. stewart asks him that he will open the door only when he proves to him that he is dag and not an alien. dag tells him about a memorable thing that happened during the sixth grade piano recital. he tells him that he used to [ __ ] his pants. stewart then believes him and lets him in. petra and ned killed both of them out of hunger. after some time in the basement, dag and petra recall memories of sixth grade. petra tells him that he was looking reluctant while saving lorelei. he explains to her that it just happened too quickly. but petra tells him that if he really cared about her, he would have jumped instantly to save her. dag tells her about his family. he tells her that his dad is a child psychologist. and his mother is a housewife who cares a lot about his son. then he tells her that his parents are probably dead. now, he asks her how she can go without blood. petra tells him that it's strange that she doesn't want to drink his blood. dag tells petra that they will go and check if his parents are alive. he tells her that the high school is on the way. they will get blood and food from there, and then will go to his house. petra tells him that even if they find his parents alive, the alien apocalypse is still going on. when dag opens the door of the basement, he finds an alien and shuts the door immediately. he asks petra to open the back door with her vampire strength. when they come out of the basement, petra's hand gets injured with smoke. dag takes off his clothes and covers her. he tells petra to go with ned and meet him at the high school. dag reunites with ned and petra at the high school. he takes his clothes back. he tells petra that the aliens walked past him as though they could not see him. ned tells him that he thinks it is because aliens can only detect inorganic matter. dag asks ned how he turned into a zombie. he learns that he got bitten on purpose. ned tells him that they haven't talked in years, and now he is being concerned about why he turned into a zombie. later, petra finds dag in the old boiler and thanks him for saving her life at miller's basement. she also apologizes to him for killing lorelei. she tells him that when he was busy liking lorelei, she was busy using her boyfriend, milan. dag tells her that lorelai was a virgin. petra tells him that lorelei cheated on milan and ended up a coveted virgin, but she got bitten and then called a [ __ ] for good. dag, petra and ned decide to leave the high school because the aliens could come there too. they get out of the school being naked and go to dag's house. dad gets upset when he doesn't find his parents. they wear clothes, and this makes the aliens detect them. when aliens attack ned, petra somehow tries to stop them, but they take away ned petra and dag become sad about ned's death, but suddenly he shows up and tells them that patrick's attack actually killed that alien. it couldn't take ned with it. ned also tells them the reason for the aliens arrival on earth. he tells them that aliens are looking for a chemical called tetrafluoroxypan, and this chemical will be found in rick wilson's factory. it's the chemical that rick uses to make horse cartilage taste like real meat. he tells them that for so many years they have been eating horse tissue instead of chicken in sandwiches at school. after this, they go to rick's factory. ned eats rick's girlfriend. that makes him angry, and he expels all three of them from the factory. on their way, they get attacked by the aliens, who throw them in some factory. they find that the aliens have classified all the people of the town according to their category in that factory. the factory was trapped by the aliens from all sides, and so it was very difficult to destroy it. in the factory, ned finds his family, who has now turned into zombies. he becomes very happy because his parents now understand him. on the contrary, dag meets his family, who are still humans. milan sees petra and asks her for blood as she has just come in. but petro refuses and beats him up. after this, petra apologizes to lorelei for killing her, but she tells her that she is very happy on being a vampire. ned thinks of an idea to break the web of aliens around the factory. he and dag tell everyone that if they all try to break the web together, then they can get out of here. then all of them attack the web together and get freed from the aliens trap. after this, they all go to rick wilson's factory, but rick doesn't let them in because ned had killed his girlfriend. they somehow convince rick and enter the factory. when they go inside, aliens also come after them. in the factory, those aliens take out some baby like figures out of themselves, who go inside the drum containing a chemical. these baby-like figures then transform into a monstrous creature. rick throws iron rods at that alien, but nothing happens to it. dag tries to save petro when milan attacks her, but he transforms into a vampire and kills milan. the aliens get angry with rick's attack and start killing everyone. suddenly, a leaking pipe releases ammonia that kills aliens. when people see this, they all attack the aliens with ammonia pipes. this turns the aliens into baby-like figures again, and go back to their spaceships. the aliens then throw a nuclear bomb towards the factory, but ned catches the bomb and gives it to dag. dag throws it back at the spaceship, and in return, all the aliens are killed. then we see that everyone lives a happy life again. dag leaves lorelei and makes petra his girlfriend. ned starts treating his brother nicely. they all live the same peaceful life again. and the movie ends here. thanks for watching, guys. 