[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2003 action car film, too fast, too furious, the second film in the Fast &amp; Furious series. so let's get started. the spoiler does rely in part that you've seen the previous film. if you'd like to see a summary, check out my spoiler below. the film opens in miami with brian trying to make a living. a man named tej organized as a street race and invites brian. brian wins the race, but the police show up and the racers must flee. brian is caught and is given a deal with the FBI in customs for brian to go undercover and investigate an argentinian drug lord named Carter Verone in exchange for clearing Brian's record. Brian agrees and enlisting the help of his friend, Roman Pearce. Roman has a criminal history and has also offered a clean slate for taking down firown'. the two are hired to drive for Verone and transport his money. and they also witness Verone commit other heinous acts. they find out from a customs agent named Monica that they will be killed once the delivery is made. while transporting the money, Brian and Roman are monitored by two of verone's men during the transportation. however, the police pursue the drivers, but tej organizes several other drivers to distract the police. their cars are pulled over. however, Brian and Roman have switched with other drivers, and they still have Barone's money right now, driving in a Yenko Camaro, approaches the destination point, but is told by her own henchmen to take a detour away from the original destination, an airfield that agent Monica had also found out at the same time. Roman gets rid of the henchmen monitoring him by using an improvised ejector seat. at the airfield, customs have verone's planes surrounded, but discovered that this is a decoy, and Verone is in a boatyard miles away, where he is holding customs agent monica hostage. brian reaches the drop-off point, and just as the henchman is about to kill Brian, Roman arrives and they both kill the henchman. Barone begins to escape on his yacht. Brian and Roman drive the Yenko Camaro off a ramp and into the yacht. Verone is apprehended and Monica is saved. Brian and Roman have the crimes pardoned. and they talked about what they want to do now that they are in Miami. considering starting a garage and using some of the money that they skimmed from their investigation. so that is the spoilers for too fast, too furious. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 