tar car roo I'm a scone It's fun to decide the superiority or inferiority by such a thing I 'm glad I can't do it I don't know Ah That's right, I covered the preaching to me now, I should buy it, do you understand the snow ? Okay, I can die already Ah ah ah ah Silver I didn't understand anything Hayashi couldn't stand up as it was that day Yes Is it okay? It 's natural for my relatives to fall down and become anxious. You're sitting there for the rest of your life. That's what I want now , I'm worried [Music] Well, that's right, isn't it? The flag I want to be by my side I can only think of that kind of thing Spring -I lived in this world  I just want to participate and the result may not be what you like, so do n't decide yet Daddy is cute I'm getting closer to peaches and moms-it's cute-a little [music] th Chaniu I want to eat 22 Thank you Marma Will I be pushed out in the same way someday ? I [Music] Hmm voodoo Yeah yeah siege I was shaken by just one word this morning Lessons learned Governor I'm talking about dating true hearts, so I don't like women , sly, sly, long hair, unpleasant, cool, meow As above, oc wanted me ah ah ah [music] the happiness of those who want to be free from all the shackles [music] a little wider Akito-san said that Akito- san is equal to God and all the twelve branches live in Saba. I don't remember anything else, but the children made a promise in the middle of God. The park is closed, but even if I'm reborn somehow, I wo n't leave my side. The bond that retreats to love may be beautiful from the side, but it's just a fence that the person felt mainly That's why I spent the whole day as a playmate with the cursed archi without going outside, but it wasn't like it is now . One day archi was twisted I 'm here because I should be the one I'm chosen and needed I'm not with you I think you're my toy Your mother took me  But the darkness gets bigger and heavier, and in the end I want to twist too. Hope is despair. [Music ] I want to be a friend. She reappeared. Did she have eyes in one after another? [Music] What 's this? That senior isn't a prince. It seems to be called I 'm glad you're back to me , so I'll forgive you Autumn kerosene I'll blame someone Feardon Someone blame something forever [Music  ] At all han-san eh ah ah ah ah what's in it after all present It was a wide-ranging video because I wanted to see what was hit by me from now on I think I couldn't meet even if I wanted to say it I want to go [Music] Pottrifa Furuno-san has made an announcement. Wu  No-san- I think I'm hugged by the opposite sex because I'm with a bird's thing goo ani I don't even reply There is no warning. The curse is broken. I want to deceive everyone in the other 12 cities and pretend to be tired of the birds. Say I'm by my side Cowardly [Music] For the box [Music] To stop the sad woman's curse [Music] 