Welcome to Cinema Summary, ladies and gentlemen, and today I'm gonna level with you, this is gonna be the mother of explanations for VIVARIUM because I'm gonna explain everything: What's the language, who's in control of Yonder Why does the kid mimic the parents, the significance of the number 9, The relevance to the cuckoo bird, who the other people Gemma saw were and more because as much as this movie has some good performances, a great premise, and a great start it doesn't deliver a good payoff. So that's where I come in and just FYI I'll be going through a summary first so spoilers ahead if you just want to skip ahead to the explanation a timecode should appear on screen now. Now without further ado this is VIVARIUM (2020) Gemma is a young schoolteacher and she clearly loves her job she brightens up and gets very animated with her kids but she's much less enthusiastic about looking for a new home it's dragging on and on. But her co-worker convinces her to take her advice and close a deal fast The housing market is going through the roof Yeah, we're gonna *Sounds of birds chirping* and do you hear that? It's subtle but- Yeah, we're gonna drop *Sounds of bird chirping* A chirp. Huh. After school ends, Gemma runs into a student who finds a dead baby bird on the ground Gemma tells the girl that a cuckoo bird probably kicked this hatchling from its nest Ah yes, the cuckoo bird! A vicious little thing that will kick out baby birds from their nests to put its own eggs in Yeah, you heard that right! It tricks other birds into raising its own hatchlings. Sounds ridiculous but it's true! And keep this in mind because it comes into play later. Gemma just accepts this shocking cruel reality. Well, it's just nature. It's just how things are! But the girl does not take this well it tells Gemma "I don\'t like nature. I don\'t like how things are! It\'s horrible." Gemma then meets up with her husband Tom who actually does care enough about the baby bird to bury it and even do a little ceremony unlike his wife. Before the two of them leave to meet a real estate agent named Martin who is dressed like a Mormon and is just.. So weird Like there's this scene where he gives this wide-open mouthed smile and the camera cuts away from him to Gemma then to Martin's name tag, then to Tom, then back to Martin who is still holding that smile! Yikes! This film has so many scenes that are so off-putting like this. It's great! Anyway, Martin tells them about this special place called Yonder. it's a really popular suburb with people snatching up properties there really quickly A suburb it isn't what Tom and Gemma are looking for and Tom feels something's off and tells Martin they can't go because they don't have a car but he's cut off by Gemma who's hooked by Martin saying that the homes may not be available for much longer and Tom gives in. So the couple follow Martin to the Yonder development and this place is creepy with the tagline "forever quality homes" All the houses look exactly the same in this awful shade  of green on the outside and as if that wasn't bad enough same color on the inside too. Martin seems to love it though. He shows them House Number 9 and calls it a "forever home" that\'s "perfect for any family" and then in the middle of the tour, Martin just leaves the house Gemma's surprised and Tom's like "Good! Let\'s get the F out of here!" but they can't every time they drive around the block they end up at House Number 9 again and again until night falls and their car runs out of gas. The next day, Tom climbs the roof to see if there's a way out but all he sees are rows of houses that go on for miles. Tom and Gemma desperately try to walk their out but there's no exit! So they go back home, tired and defeated, where they find a box with food and things needed for survival. Out of anger, Tom sets the house on fire hoping to send a smoke signal to anyone but the next day, they find the house has been rebuilt as well as a box with a baby inside with the text on the box reading "Raise the child and be released". Two months later... 2 months later, the baby has grown up very quickly becoming a very \xe2\x80\x93 let me say that again \xe2\x80\x93 VERY annoying child who is very needy and creepy like he's always watching his parents and copying them which is normal for any kid but the way he does it and his voice is just so unsettling like he imitates both of them having a full-blown argument and when he does Tom he does a lower voice and for Gemma he uses a higher pitch one "If you didn\'t say no to every goddamn house we looked at we wouldn\'t have ended up here!" "So I\'m to blame Tom? How is this my fault!?" Plus there's the way he's dressed which is very similar to Martin's outfit and when he's not being freaky or annoying he's watching this trippy TV screensaver or acting like Tom and Gemma are his parents which they absolutely hate and remind him that "I am not your mother". After a tossed cigarette lands on the front lawn Tom finds out that the soil is fake and begins digging a hole becoming obsessed with it, digging deeper and deeper into the unnatural earth. But one day, Tom gets fed up with the kid and locks him inside the car telling Gemma to leave the boy alone and let him starve to death! but she saves his life and grows closer with him and again: Tom doesn't stick to his conviction. Gemma is growing closer to the child and begins acting like a mother teaching him things, playing with him. We see more of this: Tom gets made at the kid for watching TV at night which he turns off but Gemma gives in and allows it and he does nothing. These dynamics \xe2\x80\x93 Gemma taking the kid as her own child and Tom giving in\xe2\x80\x93 are very important But one day, the boy goes missing and Gemma has no idea where he is whereas Tom doesn't care.. Tom's pretty much completely on his own outside, digging mostly and hearing sounds "down there". When the boy comes back, he has a book written in a strange language with weird diagrams, similar to the TV's screen saver weirdness. Curious, Gemma asks him what he was doing and he tells her that he met someone but is not allowed to say who. So, Gemma tricks him into acting  like the person he met by playing a game of pretend with him and the boy obeys. Transforming in front of her eyes while making these weird chirping noises pretending to be who he met! It's a terrifying moment for Gemma and it really makes you wonder what exactly is the boy and who did he meet? Several months later, and the boy  is now a man. The man leaves the home every day to go somewhere to do something unknown. One day, Tom digs up a dead body inside of a bag and horrified, he climbs out of the hole but begins dying from exhaustion and malnutrition The boy comes back home, and like it's nothing, bags Tom's body, and throws down the hole ironically Tom ended up digging his own grave Gemma is furious and explodes in anger! Attacking the man who used to be a boy but he somehow lives up the sidewalk and goes underneath to escape Gemma tries to chase him but she ends up horrifyingly, clipping and sinking and falling through walls! Going through weird versions of different colored houses In each house, there are different couples who are raising their own boys eventually she pops out of her own House Number 9 here she's found weak and dying by the former boy Who puts her in a bag which he throws down the hole but just before he does she has some last words for him I said I'm not your F-ing mother then after filling the hole and cleaning up the house the boy leaves Yonder in Gemma's car going to the real estate agency where he meets a now waay older Martin who dies on the spot! The boy then puts Martin's body in a bag that he gets from a cabinet though not before putting Martin's name tag on clipping a receipt on the body and... yeah... rolls it up like play-doh and puts it away in that cabinet the boy now becoming a new real estate agent and welcomes in a new couple So with all that said what does it all mean? The entire film is based on that first scene with the little girl. The entire thing is a critique, like she said "I don\'t like nature. I don\'t  like how things are, it\'s horrible!" and the way that it does that is genius using daily cuckoo bird. throughout the film at key points we hear birds chirping like in Gemma's classroom or when her co-worker says the markets are going through the roof, when Tom and Gemma are in the car, and so on. all the criticisms this film has are pointed out using a different aspect of the cuckoo bird itself It's layer upon layer of cuckoo metaphors and it does so masterfully Let me explain First, the film criticizes Gemma. Gemma is flawed She lets others dictate her life: a co-worker entices her with the fear of missing out before house prices go up. Martin reels her in into looking at a suburb house she doesn't want because it might not be available much longer and so on. The only one who doesn't use this tactic with her, actually, is Tom. He's the only one in her life genuinely giving her good advice and she ignores it, just like in that opening scene: she can't see what's wrong with a situation. That's just nature. That's  just how things are. The cuckoo is used to point out that Gemma can't see what's wrong with a situation including her own. And then it goes one layer deeper because then the cuckoo situation is forced on her. All of a sudden, now she's taking care of another's offspring. What better way to make someone realize the horribleness of a situation then by forcing them to live it. She too is completely hooked by the child who takes advantage of her and plays on her maternal instincts by mimicking her and needing her nurturing. Just like her coworker and Martin take advantage of her fear of missing out and peer pressure instincts and it works for a time. Because actually Gemma isn't all bad we do see her briefly shaking her head after the housing price conversation and she does, at first, resist the kid but really by the end of the movie, Gemma comes full circle. Eventually the situation gets so bad so horrible even she can see it she snaps when Tom dies, and with her last dying breath, as the former boy zips her body bag: We can see she sees and understands what the cuckoo has done "I\'m not your effing mum." Perhaps she even finally  understood what the boy himself has become: A full-grown cuckoo ready to take the role of Martin and entrap another couple with his offspring. In her last moment she has overcome the dictates of others Secondly, we have Tom. Tom actually does seem to care for the baby bird that was ejected from its nest as we see him burying it. He doesn't have Gemma's problem: He's okay with not seeing the place, Never gets enticed by the kid and generally has good ideas and is right about almost everything! I mean, yeah! How about we don't go to the place this really creepy real estate agent is trying to set us up with? But Tom's got a different problem and here the cuckoo analogy plays a different role. Tom is a cuck A cuckold. Derived, you guessed it, from the word cuckoo. A cuckold is someone who let's other walk all over them. This is again the critique of the girl who doesn't accept how things are You can have all the right answers in the world but if you don't have the conviction to stand by them. What is going to change? Nothing. He might try to turn off the TV or tell Gemma to let the boy die but he always gives in. They go see the place, Gemma lets the boy out of the locked car the two grow close and the TV stays on and Tom himself is the one ejected from the nest Alone Outside Digging a hole in which he is eventually buried just like the baby bird which was kicked out by the cuckoo and that he to buried but we are not done. What in the world is going on in Yonder? Who made it? What's the purpose of it? Why Number 9? What did the trippy TV and language mean? and who did the boy meet? Let's take a look at a few hints When Tom flicks his cigarette onto the grass, it doesn't burn it. It has this weird distortion sound effect and the grass just recedes. Furthermore, when Tom goes digging we see that it's artificial with no subsoil or roots. Other similarly weird things are that all the houses and clouds seem like they're all the same, repeating pattern and there's also the weirdness of the former boy being able to go under the sidewalk and Gemma clipping through the walls. That's all because, according to my theory, they are in a simulation, and in my opinion Specifically a gaming simulation although I'll talk about another option later. Sim games are a genre of gaming that includes a huge amount of titles . All the way from The Sims, Sim City, and Rollercoaster Tycoon, to Farming Simulator to arguably, Minecraft and Ark: Survival Evolved. Simulation games are meant to imitate a real-world activity but obviously they can't be a perfect one-to-one copy due to processing limitations they often have to make very specific compromises. For example, using just one 3D model of a house and repeating it again and again Or one 3D model of a cloud, repeating it again and again Or or example. using simple low res effects for grass burning instead of the real looking thing and maybe not bothering with designing roots or proper subsoil Games very often reduce the resolution drastically in areas they don't expect the player to get to Out of bound areas. Which explains why Tom started to see the dirt come in small clumps When he got deeper in the hole and that explains different mechanics like the house popping back up after being burned down, their trash disappearing, and the food they need appearing regularly As for Gemma moving through walls that looks exactly like some sort of accidental clipping bug probably triggered by her entering a non-player area by chasing the man and the other people she sees? Other save files played by other players. Maybe this game is very popular with so many wanting to escape the pressures of their lives not only can we tell from the different colors of the houses that Gemma sees that there are many other neighborhoods going on at the same time but from the fact that Martin's car at the beginning of the movie is different from the former boy's car which he steals from Gemma at the end. We can tell it continues happening to different people every time . Not just the same ones again and again As I said simulation games are meant to imitate a real-world activity but yet at the same time, they are so popular because they allow players to escape their own reality. This too is a criticism of the movie in my opinion. Players of simulation games get to enjoy the good aspects of the activities without the bad aspects such as stress or injury that can come from the real thing. It's not criticizing those players but it's criticizing people trying to do that in their real lives trying to live without anxiety or risk. Conforming to the needs and wants of society like getting a house and raising a kid without thinking for themselves and being willing to take chances. The movie points out the extreme version of how monotonous and empty it is for you let others tell you how to live. By literally use the example of someone dictating to you how to live The Player dictating the real-world life of a character in a sim game. There is a limit to how much you can escape at some point you still need to rise up in your own life and face challenges otherwise people suffer. Baby hatchlings get kicked out of nests and who knows! Maybe it's actually the NPC's in your game You assumed were subconscious but we're actually living the horror of Tom and Gemma. In which case, I must actually be worse than Hitler but that's probably taking the analogy too far This is again the criticism of the little girl who sees something wrong and isn't okay with it; Suffering. But is faced with Gemma as a jaded adult who is okay with it So who's doing all this to them? In my opinion: the player the third person this movie is criticizing: Us. That  is also who the boy meets in my opinion and why he can't say He's part of it. A part of the program and he can't break the game's rules The TV and the strange language in the book Those are all coda Ex-Ah-Cute-Tables: Ones-and-zeroes. gibberish to anyone other than a machine This is why the boy becomes capable of breaking the physics engine's rules and escape by going underneath the pavement His program has admin privileges. As for the Number 9 I think this is more of a reference, above anything else. Either to a British TV called Inside No. 9 in which easy story took place in a building with the number 9 on it Or more likely to the nine stages of life Prenatal Development Infancy and toddlerhood, Early childhood Middle childhood Adolescence Early adulthood Middle adulthood Late adulthood Death and dying. With the boy going through all of these stages fairly quickly and this process of boys growing up, implied to be a cycle. So that's my explanation The cuckoo bird metaphor is used to criticize Gemma's indifference, Tom's inaction and our society's thoughtlessness In other words: A lack of care A lack of action and a like a thought. There are a few other possibilities. The language can be an alien language Especially the kind of alien that evolved on their world In a similar parasitic way to the way the cuckoo bird evolved in ours and that explains the voice chirping when imitating who he saw and that species is using our society to raise its offspring in the same way. By creating a cheap knockoff simulation of our world while we do its bidding Who knows! Maybe, Martin gassed Tom and Gemma as soon as they entered his office and their brains are actually hooked up on a mothership somewhere So the boy can learn to imitate them but in my opinion aliens can be too easy of a catch-all explanation sometimes I really want to hear if anyone else has other theories like this or can explain the alien theory or my theory a bit deeper Please feel free to comment with your opinion. Making these videos and theorizing is something I really enjoy doing but usually it's even more fun to jump into the comments and see the theories evolve after the video is published So that being said thank you so much for watching ladies and gentlemen if you enjoyed the video leave a like down below and subscribe to get updated on my latest uploads Until next time folks! I Wait. Do you hear? Sounds like... *Cuckoo cuckoos* 