listen, you know it's bad when the studio has no early screening, barely any Thursday showing, since they want to delay the bad reviews from the press. but since Fantasy Island in real that wasn't happening. that said, I do have to put a disclaimer here, even though I hate doing so, but every time we cover a plum house film, they manually claim our video. sometimes they even block it from mere seconds of footage that we legally show. since the studio themselves posted up for review purposes. but I guess to them, review purposes means positive only, since, conveniently, those are the reviews they don't touch. I know the blue Mouse budget is a subway coupon and a pack of gum, but listen here, Jason, I ain't get either. so chill. part of making a plum house movies they have a very limited budget. we made this movie for 7.2 million dollars. Wow. not a lot of money. you know, there are no trailers for the cast. no, I have no crane one day on this movie. I mean, I had a techno crane on my first movie, which is a million dollar movie. didn't have any sophisticated filmmaking equipment. we basically had the gear that we barged over from news from New Zealand. if anything broke, it was broken. that said, let me explain. now, blum house, as a company, is notorious for its budgets. but, you know, they have created a lot of iconic horror films just to run them into the ground. but then they've also produced a bunch of Oscar winners. so having followed their motto and a lot of the behind the scenes for their films, I do have some positive things to say about their model. but that ain't this video. [Music]. everyone knows nostalgia is one hell of a drug. and studios are addicted to adapting old properties in order to expand their streaming collections. and I don't know if it's a budget thing, but they also don't even remain them. they just pull that door number one and recycle. and somebody argue that it makes sense, since it's a reboot and it isn't connected to the Britain. I know. I really don't know why they do that. to give you a sense of how fast they cycle these, the idea for black Christmas was announced June 20, 19th. they filmed for 27 days, released it in December and no joke was added theaters and forgotten by Christmas. it was still so cheap, and tripled its budget. so when Blum got hit up about an idea involving an island that fulfills your fantasies, gone wrong, dude, legit just asked Sony for the rights to the show and got it. now I'm gonna bash the movie because I don't like it, but I'm not gonna lie. that's kind of badass. what's not badass is making a crappy movie, though anything and everything is possible. no service it's not everything as possible. so the original show aired in the 70s. and I'll give director Jeff Wadlow credit for the way he pitches the original pitch. so Aaron Spelling, legendary TV producer, was in the office of the president of ABC networks at the time. and TV TV movies were big business back in the 70s. he pitched like 10 ideas. president ABC passed on all 10. Aaron Spelling gets frustrated and says, what's it gonna take? a movie bound Island. we can go and do whoever you want. and the president baby C said, well, that sounds interesting. and he went in, hired Jean Levitt, wrote fantasy island, and that's where the show came from. so for the reboot, you know, they keep the same concept. 5 people want a contest that isn't really explained so much, but they come to this island to have their craziest wishes fulfilled. there's no cell phone service, none of the staff takes tips or anything like that. but they all get greeted by Michael Pena's mr. Roark. now, I really do like Michael Pena, like, really, really do like Michael Pena. and I didn't expect him to top but he got him on that band's performance from the original. but I am expect told me to play Andy Garcia light either in the show, his motives were a mystery. you didn't know if he had been there for years or centuries. was he was he evil? was he bad? was he mixed? it's almost like they would eventually base Richard from lost on him. but Penge stake has him almost being a prisoner to the island, because he has to live the guessing. had them take that spring water that makes their fantasies come and though he said they didn't in order for the island to grant him the fantasy to see his dead wife. but obviously there's a dark twist, just like with everybody else, and she has to die after every group finishes their fantasies. and that's not a bad idea. and that's the biggest problem I have with the movie. see, the director had done never back down, which I really like. and I don't think the directors concepts for other stuff are bad light for truth. but Blum Houses, truth or dare it wasn't a bad idea. neither is this new one for Fantasy Island. it's just that the execution isn't there. so when it came to Fantasy Island, I don't know whether to blame the low budget or officious because they were all in vacation. but it was in a very remote part of Fiji, and I said to the line producer that we got a shoot here. and she was like, well, they don't have the ability to support us there. there's no, there's no, there's no hotels that the airplanes that can land. they're only like 15 Cedars. we can't get the equipment there in time. and we can't do it. I mean, the only way we could possibly do it is if we bought out a cruise ship. so we bought out a cruise ship for the first two weeks of photography. we put the cast the crew on it. we lashed all the gear the deck. we have a kick-off party on a Saturday night. we all went to bed in our cabins. we sailed 17 hours so the other side of Fiji. we woke up, we searched. now, there's nothing wrong with pulling a mash-up of different genres for it to become four mini movies, which is what they do here with the different, you know, parties that they have different fantasies. but if you barely had the budget for one, yeah, maybe shouldn't have extended it. we follow Lucy Hale as one of the first ones, who previously starred in bloom houses, truth or dare. so she comes back here as the innocent girl whose fantasy is justice from all the bullies she had growing up. and I bought it completely. her segment is definitely the song Omaha, cuz you'll see the colors just change. like this is all supposed to still be one movie, but the color, like, the color correction is different for each one. she somehow beating this bein, like figure that was attacking her. she's torturing her bully until she doesn't want to. they're in the woods with the moonlight clearly behind them, yet they got the soap opera flood lights flooding them from the front. it looks bad sometimes. her character also comes across Michael Rooker on fantasy island, who's playing Michael Rooker on Fantasy Island. and I think he handled his dialogue the best, considering he was sent there to investigate the island, but then got duped into a fantasy of seeing as that daughter trapping him there. that's, that's all good. but even he's like, went someone sent for me, considering that later on they actually call for a ride. yeah, the same like the island and lost. the islands clearly on the map. tracks and JD are the most annoying ones in this movie. there's Step Brothers whose fantasy is to, you know, practically recreate the hangover. and like the hangover, the fantasy goes wrong, and they get kidnapped. they even, at Jimmy signed an NDA, since his character was supposed to be a cameo from the original series. and you know, while I'm already in the spoiler section III, don't want mr. Bloem house to flag my video, so instead, I'll just recommend HBO's my dinner with Arif, which has Dinklage portraying the iconic actor who played tattoo on Fantasy Island. and I'm really recommending it because it's actually a really, really crazy story on his life, and it's a much better movie than this one after the brothers. like, I know Jimmy is funny, because I've seen him in so many stuff, so I can tell that the punchlines that he was given just weren't there. but I'm at least glad he was able to have fun where to pretend like we like acting and like partying and, you know, pretend like we like the models and stuff, and, like we like to hang on Fiji, it was tough. a lot of mental preparation went into, you know, just being in Fiji for two months. but I think at the end of the day, all the hard work you put in shows up on the screen. Patrick is a cop whose fantasy is to join the military. so they're, you know, throw the Private Ryan bleach bypass filter on a segment. and I haven't in play call of duty, but I'll be honest, I actually, I actually like this one. there's an element to the island where just because you asked for a scenario, it's still going to actually read your deepest desires, because it's supernatural, and give you what you actually want. and again, I think that's a really cool idea, and it works in the segment. but as you'll see in a little bit, they just ignore that rule for the others. but in the case of Patrick, where his military fantasy was really to see his father, who he lost as a kid, one last time before that fatal mission when he passed. but I thought it showed real potential and had a leeway of combining all the stories together. and it almost had it, if it wasn't for the dumbest final twist. so Maggie q was practically in a Lifetime movie. her fantasy was to relive a date from years ago and actually say yes to the proposal that she was given, which would then result in like a 50 first dates scenario, where even though she's the island for two days, I'm the first day she said yes. the next day she sees the five year old she would have had with that guy, and all the memories come swooping in. but that's kind of weird. maybe if the movie wasn't marketed as a straight-up horror and it wasn't jumping around too much, this could have worked, you know. but then Maggie swaps her fantasy, even though the two rules on the island, the only two rules on the syllabus, are, one, you can't change your fantasy, and two, once you choose it, you must see it through to the end. and she, I'm not kiddin, goes, nah, but the UM now, but the island got it wrong. I wanted another fantasy deep down in my heart. bad movie. bad movie. doesn't matter. movie is now down to its last pack of gum, so they decide to combine everything by adding the dumbest last-minute subplot. it turns out that they had all cross paths before any of them were on the island, because they were living in an apartment building where Maggie accidentally caused a fire. and even though only one dude died, that dude was supposed to go on a tinder date with Lucy Hale. and now she is the one whose fantasy that we never saw, was to actually somehow, even though she wouldn't have known they were a part of that accident, even though there were probably other people involved, even though how would she get him onto the island, even though she earlier let her bully escape, meaning she had completely different motives. she dies. it's a dumb twist that they have in the movie of her being the bully, like I said she was, but she dies because it turns out her bully also gets to drink the water. and then, and then a zombie. zombie snatches Lucy, this was released in theatric, sadly sacrifices himself, pulling a cap for the crew. again, Patrick's the best one, the more annoying brother dies. but rules state that if Brax stays on the island, then JD can leave. and not only is that lame, because I hated JD, but it's also dumb, because the whole thing is forest for, you know, the Cameo Jimmy signed on to be. but like, when JD leaves, I have to die. and seeing that his brother's gonna leave that, he just salutes him goodbye. Roark realizes his wife shouldn't keep dying. the living leaves to keep trying. and I had never been so happy for credits that I was almost that's why we go to horror movies and ride rollercoasters, right? I feel something, well, I felt ripped off after this one. thank you guys for watching this movie. I'm Kirsten on your thoughts down below in the comment section. stay tuned for the follow up. there. next one, I believe, is on a magic 8-ball movie. so shake it mine. right now, doesn't look like it's gonna be good, but I'm curious to know your thoughts on this. again, not maliciously trying to hate the movie, but there's just some stuff. look if and this is, and this is the thing that I think a lot of upcoming creation gave because they get a lot of people now with social media directors, and a lot of people are online, and they'll try to give you crap. now, if you're deciding to go the cheap route, so cheap that your movie can make back its budget on a $5 Tuesday, and you're going more so for the monetary praise, then that's where you that's where you're gonna get it from. you're not gonna get critical praise if that's what you're going for, don't feel bad bashing a movie, especially when you're paying the money to go see it. that's why I always go pay the money. goal bidding that press screenings for this one, but I always go pay the money to go see these movies cuz you're not gonna manipulate my opinion. truth or dare, which got manually hit for plagiarism, or our older video. just to wrap that up there, supposedly we had to use the full reference master of the movie, even though we had it, but we chose to choose trailer footage. it doesn't make any sense, but to keep it, even though you're accusing up of plagiarism, to keep the video up. I have my analytics, so I can see that you guys boosted the video, added your own ads, like I'm not your PR team. I think that's the part that really upsets me as well. and then to see like you're not even putting effort into these movies, and it's that cheap. I haven't made a why it sucks video in such it like since the A to Z show. so look again. if that's the business model you're going for, fine, but don't expect good reviews. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, or Blum House will claim you, you know, part of making a blown house movies that you have a very limited budget. why don't we buy out a cruise ship? so we bought out a cruise ship for the first two weeks of photography. 