welcome to slash forward into the week of horny af normal releases, perpetuated here as we look at the 2009 film jennifer's body. if you've been looking to fulfill the insatiable hunger inside while also adding sheen to your hair, subscribe to the channel. let's get to it. we open in a psych ward, where a well-loved sociopath named anita narrates for us. after wreck time, we learn that she's unafraid to show the orderlies what's what, willingly taking time in the hole when they try to regulate her toastum's consumption. then we flash back from where we are to where we started, devil's kettle, a sleepy town named after a waterfall, attached to a charming bottomless vortex. here, needy lives a mundane life spent watching her friend watch infomercials, the first sign of psychopathy. but we snapped back two months earlier to see life even more normal than before, or later, i guess, and as normal as high school could be for a 23 year old. it's just needy and jennifer, a couple of gals taking in some shows, trying to nibble on some salty treats. which is what jennifer calls boys. needy tries on some fits, looking for the perfect choice so as to avoid siphoning any attention away from jennifer, and is helped by her boyfriend, chip, who goes clawing in his belt the second she gets close. thirsty jennifer then arrives, and they engage in some girly grab ass before heading out to the local club, which is more of a local dive bar for bikers. she's lusted after by every adult male, but her eyes are locked on the lead singer of the evening's headliner, low shoulder. she wastes no time introducing herself and laying out subtle inclinations of her sexual intentions. and as she goes to get the boys some drinks, needy overhears them speculate about her purity, with their preference being for someone more pure. needy is offended by this, but jennifer is non-plussed. i'm not even a backdoor version, and she plays along with this new intel to make herself more attractive in their eyes. then the boys hit it and absolutely shred some top 40 pop rock. [ __ ]. reasonably bored with this, needy spaces out staring as a fire creeps along the rafters. she takes in the carnage before she and jennifer find a safe path out in the parking lot. the destruction is of an almost comical magnitude, and then jennifer opts to hop in the van with the band. we need to go blow off some steam after losing all their gear. needy gets home and calls chip as she's concerned about jennifer's well-being. but it's all good, because jennifer is there and appears to be alive, although completely drenched in blood. she eats like an animal and pukes up some spiky black tar, and then gets in close for a little goodbye nibble before leaving. the next day, the first hand survivors are the talk of the school as the students stare and presume her vacant disposition is a result of ptsd. turns out she is just revisiting a delicious early childhood memory in which she and jennifer became blood buddies on the playground. then jen arrives, acting super nonchalant and even laughing through the accounting of all the students and staff lost to the tragic fire. a little freaked out about this, needy tries to confide in chip, but he brushes it off. jennifer, meanwhile, offers condolences to jonas having lost his best friend in the accident. she offers to tell him about craig's final moments, but in the woods where they have some privacy here, she gets all up in honoring craig's memory. and their grief is so pure even the animal kingdom can't help but to celebrate and bear witness. he then gets a partial handy, but jennifer's appetite is too insistent. mr roblewski is moved by the outpouring of emotion and goes to see if he can make a connection with this deep feeler, but instead finds an eviscerated student getting lapped up by bambi. we see them withdraw the body and share in his parents pain as they vow revenge against the man what did this. but twerp, no man. and jennifer has already ritualistically purified herself in the crystal waters of lake minnetonka. feeling spry, jennifer calls needy to try to convince her to just move past all this trauma, and also does some playful limits testing of her power. needy is interrupted, however, by chip, who needs to get away from the hustle and bustle of emergency personnel around his neighbor's house related to the recent woodland murder. and this information provides additional pieces of evidence for needy to soak in. in the ensuing days, most of the school is in mourning, while the broader world gets a throbbing tragedy boner over their situation. but time heals all. and as the excitement dies down, the kids start to revitalize, except for jennifer, who looks absolutely haggard after class. cool ass colin decides it's his turn at bat and asks jennifer out. when needy vouches for him, jennifer invites him to her house to watch some video tapes. on date night, we see chip getting wound up and actually initiating a sexual encounter. and he manages to get things going while wearing a vest, so that's weird. while this wholesomeness unfolds, colin makes his way to the address provided, which is apparently on meth row. the prospect of intercourse has him scrambling to find a way in, even though there's clearly no movie watching happening here. but he does find a love den, and she does call him baby, so he relents and lays down on the makeshift bed. but she ends up going to town on him, sans safe word. and the intensity causes needy to have visions that interrupt her experience. as jen quenches her thirst, needy hops in her car to take off, completely blowing through jennifer's body regardless. she's still at the house when needy arrives, and jennifer begins to bring her over to her point of view, primarily by utilizing her tongue. needy snaps out of it, though, and demands answers. we go back to that night and see the band is into the occult and were specifically seeking out a version as part of a broader plan. jen affirmed virgin status to ensure that they took her in. and they ended up dragging her to the waterfall, where they then engaged in a ritual sacrifice, hoping to enlist the help of satan to bring them maroon 5 levels of success, where they can basically [ __ ] goals no matter what they do. they ended up killing her, and tossing the murder weapon into the vortex for good measure. all she remembers after dying is waking up and finding needy while desiring food. but she was unable to bring herself to kill her friend, so she went off and found another victim. now, when she's fed, she can take a significant degree of damage without dying. these revelations are too much for needy, so she asks jennifer to leave. in the ensuing days, needy learns up on demonology, discovering that the inadvertent sacrifice of a non-virgin creates an entry point for a demon. when hungry, the demon is weak and can be killed with a blade to the heart. chip interrupts her research to talk about serious business, specifically as regards her plans for the upcoming formal but this is kid talk to her. now, she confides that she's going, but only to keep an eye on jennifer, and she insists that he stay home for his own safety. on the special night, as the ladies of town glam up, chip is given the gift of his first pepper spray, because it's dangerous out there for young boys right now. and as jennifer wilts in the mirror. you just know she's to get it on. needy arrives totally decked out, with her eyes peeled, but is unable to locate jennifer. we see this is because, as chip crosses the misty fields in his hogwarts finery, she is stalking him. she attempts to sow seeds of malcontent by telling him that needy had been, as the kids say, porking colin. she then starts in on him, but the lip play gets a little too intense, and needy senses their coupling. after getting a tip from chip's mom, she tears off down his normal walking route. in the meantime, they've taken a detour to the abandoned pool house. when jennifer can't get much out of this human equivalent of a stale rice cake, she decides to shake things up a bit and plays with her food. this gives needy enough time to truck it across the field and arrive just before chip is fully murdered. she manages to hold her off long enough to get chip out of the water, at which point they decide they're no longer blood buddies. without that bond, jennifer goes for her but is held off by chip's final effort. although for all its heroism, we get the sense that she doesn't take this very seriously. but she does leap, giving needy a few final moments with her boy as he dies in her arms. tonight, needy is so depressed by this outcome that she goes to bed without changing, which really means she's just gonna have that much more laundry to do tomorrow. but with a surge of motivation, she regains her focus, straps on the [ __ ] stompers and brings us back to our old friend, sweet, sweet tony. needy comes through the window, and after a brief altercation, jennifer turns them into a couple of floaters. during the mid-air struggle, needy rips off her bff necklace in slow motion for maximum emotional impact. this hits hard for jennifer, who falls back to the bed. needy then puts her full body into landing, inserting box cutter into heart. and then jennifer's mom walks in on them, tremendously upset that they scheduled a sleepover without permission. flash forward to now. we learned that needy is prone to hallucinations. and is full of anger. also getting bitten by a demon and surviving imbues one with some special abilities, so that's cool. and after feeling like she's gotten the most that she can out of her mindfulness therapy, she goes ahead and walks out. after happening upon the stream where the vortex evacuates, she equips the knife and hitches her way east to find and ensure that low shoulder gets their just desserts. as a heads up, they have a website set up where you can support the channel through donations or merch i'd like to take a moment to give a huge thanks to my donors, memorialized in the hall of head shots. jennifer's body was an underappreciated film, ahead of its time, sort of. the thing is, it didn't really have to be, but its release was completely boned by the terrible attempts to market a complicated and nuanced horror-based female coming-of-age story, which is really too bad, because it's a solid film. luckily, it seems to be getting a recent resurgence in the home video market. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 