hey, what's up guys. today i am going to recap the story of the movie mid-summer. it is a 2019 psychological drama directed by ari astor, who gave us hereditary. the film is centered on a bunch of students visiting halsingland for the midsummer celebration, which occurs once every 90 years. while the cinematography and depiction of one's struggle with grief are both fantastic, the character development is quite poor. before explaining the story, i request you to everyone subscribe to my channel and hit the bell icon so you don't miss our upcoming videos. [Music]. dani is in a toxic relationship with her emotionally absent boyfriend, christian. just as he's about to break up with her, danny's sister kills both her parents and herself, using elaborate piping from the car's exhaust to pump carbon monoxide. donnie gets hurled into despair, and christian plays boyfriend for a while more, assuming that dani would never actually pee see her bags, he invites her to the midsummer festival that he's been planning with his friends, mark, josh and pal films involving cults placed at the center of the plot, will quickly identify with pel and his hometown festival is a ritual that is bound to include a sacrifice. unfortunately for the kids in the film, that isn't the case. dani agrees to join and they all head out with two others, connie and simon. pell is part of the cult that needs outsiders for their ceremony, and he herds the sheep for the slaughter. the group is joined by another couple, connie and simon, and are greeted with some magic mushrooms. they trip for many hours before dani hallucinates pretty bad and makes a run for the woods. nothing drastic happened happens, until the group witnesses a testupa that is still followed by the cult. the ceremony is held for anyone who turns 72 years old, and they willingly, grotesquely kill themselves by dropping off a cliff, their fall only to be broken by a rock. the lucky one becomes a pulp and perishes. the not-so-lucky one receives a well-aimed blow from a large mallet on his face as he screams in the agony of his decimated limbs. the other members of the village mimic the pain experienced by the fall, but would each actually experience it only if they turn 72, like any rational individual would. simon reacts by screaming, i'm getting the heck out of here. little does he know that is not an option. the members of the cult of duct and kill him off-screen. he's later found hung as a blood eagle ouch. as connie is packing up, the elders meet her to let her know that simon took a head start to the train station. connie is annoyed with simon for leaving her behind, but the cult soon unites her with him in depth, also off-screen. all we hear is a scream. mark casually relieves himself on a tree that the cult considers being tied spiritually to all of their dead. it's the equivalent of jake taking a leak on the tree of souls in avatar. it was indeed a terrible choice of a tree, and it soon affirmed when one of the cult women takes mark away seductively to have him butchered. christian and josh both want to their thesis on the harga. while josh was the first to pick it. christian leeches onto the same subject. the elders graciously allow both of them to take notes on their culture because they already know that no one is leaving to get a jump on christian. josh attempts to take photographs of the cult's sacred text, which he was explicitly told not to do. a naked man wearing mark's face and his friend club josh to death. the love ritual in mid-summer. here's the list of steps that are followed as part of the midsummer love ritual. a suitable virgin is identified to bear the child of an outsider. she then collects a set of specific flowers while walking backward, and offers them to her man. she enjoys a wet dream with the man she's chosen and waits for the rooster to crow. the following day, she uses her pubes hair to prepare her man a dish. she then uses her peer menstrual blood to prepare her man a drink. the man is now up for the taking and will make love so she can bear his child. these paintings are made by a deformed person born of incest, whom the cult deems the oracle the virgin's name is maha, and she takes a liking to christian. concurrently, the may queen event is held. this has a whole bunch of women doing a dance till you drop routine around the maple and ends when only one is left standing. a heavily drugged donny wins and is crowned the may queen. and christian is taken through the ritualistic food, drink and mating process in the middle of a ring of women assisting by moaning on. dani peeps through the keyhole to witness this and has a panic attack. other cult women mimic to participate in her agony as her brain metaphorically turns into goo. the end is revealed as dani is asked to pick a person for the main act of the ritualistic sacrifice. her choice is christian. is a thank you for the caring boyfriend that he's been. christian is drugged and sowed into an emptied out bear and placed at the center of the yellow tetrahedron along with his dead friends and two other cult volunteers. he's burned alive to make way for a bright and prosperous next 90 years for the cult. dani walks about laughing for the first time as she's engulfed by the mouth of madness. it appears that this event that happens every 90 years is meticulously planned out. dani are christian and his friends were not there by accident. they've been methodically tracked and targeted by pel and his brother. for all you know, danny's sister might have been psychologically tormented by this cult, resulting in her suicide. this might have been the necessary trigger to get donnie into the right state of mind and bring her over to sweden. 