hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a science fiction thriller film, the thinning. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. in the near future, world's resources have severely depleted due to overpopulation. the united nations declares that all countries must cut their populations by five percent each year as a way to combat this crisis. the united states specifically implements the thinning project, a so-called standardized test in which those students who fail would be executed to death. elena is a genius and hard-working student who would never fail to pass any test. she's struggling, however, in making money for her mother with a deadly disease, for her part-time tutorship offered to young students for trading cheating devices for the test. on the test day, in the next morning, elena is asked to trade the cheating device with the boy, logan paul, son of texas governor, who's pretty worried about his girlfriend, ellie's failing the exam, probably because they actually don't study for the exam. unfortunately, lena has already sold them out. without any choice, logan has to give ellie a comfort hug before they head to the upcoming exam. after the test, it turns out logan passes the exam, while ellie fails it. the girlfriend is taken away for execution right away. while logan calls for help from his governor father, who refuses him for the belief that no one could cheat on the thinning project that's meant to be designed to treat everyone fair and equal. trying to save his darling out, logan then fights against the security desperately, but his effort turns to be in vain. one year later, right before the last exam day for graduation, logan makes a video saying that he will purposefully fail his exam to punish his father for the death of his girlfriend. with that purpose, logan selects only the answer d for all of the multiple choice questions on the exam day. however, taking notice of his son's announcement, the governor orders the test manager to pass logan regardless of his score. logan later gets to know unexpectedly, that his name's not shown on the list for execution, while elena, to everyone's surprise, is taken away for her failing the exam. the teacher in charge tries to argue with the test management for any mistake in lana's test result, but gets no affirmative reply. the teacher then secretly hands a key card to lena for her escape. while all the students are enjoying their graduation party, logan feels sick by his father's speech to run for the presidency based on his so-called fair implement of the thinning project. he sets up his plan to save those failed students who are brought to a room for execution. logan sneaks inside the control room and blacks out the school, allowing lana to escape out of the chaos with the key card. lana is then saved out by the coming logan, who knocks down the security during a fight with the alert triggered. however, they have to hide up inside the vet and the whole school goes under lockdown quickly. on their way to the server room to check the scores, logan falls all the way down into the swimming pool, causing him to drown. but he's fortunately brought out of water and returned to consciousness timely by lena. on their way back to the vent, lana drops the key card by accident, without which there's no way for them to enter the server room. so they have to get it back in the lab where the security comes to check anything abnormal. during the following confrontation, logan manages to take control of the security and changes into his uniform, while, with a magnetic gadget made by herself, lena seizes the key card successfully and uses it to get inside the server room. under the help from her classmate, who hacks into the surveillance system for the server password. elena gets access to the test scoring system successfully, where she finds out that she scores 98 points as unbelievably rated failed. she's shocked then by the truth that test scores are shuffled for the benefits of some students with political family backgrounds, resulting in the wrongful deaths of those with passing scores. what's more, under further search on the computer, lana happens to know ellie's test result, showing that she did pass the exam, but her score was also shuffled. without any hesitation, she sends all the screenshots to her classmate before she runs away, or she's caught up on camera by the test manager. on the other side, in the disguise of the security guard, logan makes his way to the execution room and attempts to release all the failed students, but after a fight, he's taken control by other guards. logan feels more desperate as he sees lana's also caught up and brought to the execution room, with the screenshots released soon by the press. however, the governor, who's running a campaign for presidency, has no choice but to execute all of those who actually fail, and puts his responsibilities for that scandal aside to the test manager. as the lockdown ends, the set free elena has to kiss by her crush boy, logan, who's gonna face his execution in despair, this time, while his governor father makes his determination, again before the public, to continue the implementation of a fair and equal thinning project. in the end of the story, all the failed students are brought back together for execution with presumably deadly shots. and their bodies are later delivered to a high-tech company with busy assembly lines, where logan slowly wakes up from what's actually a sleep truck. confused by the surroundings, logan sees a blonde girl working at the assembly line, his girlfriend, ellie. it's revealed that behind the thinning project is hidden with a huge conspiracy unknown to the public. this is daniel cc. movie review, 