do Chuck that bunnies have anything to do with your heritage? hey guys, welcome back. Gregory Ryan here. we're breaking down twin peaks' episodes 3 &amp; 4 for you. but before we get into it, make sure to hit that subscribe button for even more awesome GameSpot Universe content. we got movies, comics, TV, all kinds of great stuff. we got a lot in these episodes. we got mr. jackpots, Bobby Briggs returns and Wally brando. wally freakin brando. alright, so we're back with the continuing story of agent Cooper. he has now fallen into this weird little room. we don't know what it is exactly. there's an ocean outside. it looks a little bit like an early David Lynch films got a little bit of an elephant man feel, or some of the short films. the way it's edited to it feels like a very much of David Lynch music video. I know he did the sound design for this episode, and it was about like 6 or 7 different editors he has on that absolutely. so we've got a blind woman. we've got a slamming door. we've got a weird looking light socket with the number 15 on it, yes? and those numbers come back again. we finally get answers, at least one answer to those numbers. the tree gave out. the two, five, three, two, five, three is apparently the time you can leave that room. it's also the time in Bob's car. we'll get to that little bit. yes. when Dale returns from the crazy satellite, the socket lights, socket, electrical socket, whatever hang is on the wall has the number on it, has changed from 15 to 3. he and if you transpose those numbers, you get 315. just another clue, which is his Great Northern room key, which is the only possession other than his suit that he appears with once he appears at Rancho Rosa. even Lisa's shoes behind in the other world. and when he finally leaves that place, where is he go the suburbs. what I liked about all the burbs stuff, immediately you hear cops sirens in the background the very first shot you get of that town. and immediately right after, you got prostitution, you got hit man, and then you also got this child with a drug riddle mother, possibly with the one one nine, one one nine, pure Lynch. when it comes to just looking at this small town, and everything, all the vice and seedy traffic goes on. it's a sort of decaying americana underneath all the prettiness, yes, and it, and it, of course, it takes place in what outwardly looks like beautiful new homes, yeah. but underneath it's so beautiful. so we find that Dale has switched places with someone named dougie Jones. another doppelganger. yet another one. and I'm like, 99% certain that Bob created this guy. yes, it's manufactured. even mike tells us that in the room, when they go back to the red room, right when he disappears, he's just a manufactured product by Bob. someone manufactured you. and also, what sort of speaks to that too, is the L cave ring that he's wearing. yeah. this is a ring that has appeared at other times in the Twin Peaks series, notably on Teresa banks before she died. also, notably, she had numbness in the arm as well. people have been pointed out that they think those guys, the Hitman they're going after, Doug Jones, were sent there by Bob. I think that just has to do with his, whatever, his gambling deal is whatever he owes money to. he definitely has a gambling debt. yeah. there's definitely people after him. the bumbling hitmen are kind of a callback to Mulholland Drive, where we saw a bumbling hitmen there. and in that case, they were maybe the lowest form of pawn in a scheme, but they definitely weren't like direct operatives for, yeah, someone like Bob. yeah. after Dale is taken away from the Rancho Rosa community, he finds himself in a casino. and this is where we learned that it's really not precisely Dale Cooper we have, it's mr. jackpots. [Laughter]. now, he's being guided by something in that room to get him to go each machine. and if you look close, it is a little hole to the Red Room, right? so there's maybe a chance here, and we're seeing a little bit off and on, that maybe mike is trying to guide him through his reintroduction after 25 years. someone in that room is helping it. maybe not Mike, it could be Laura, it could be Leland, for all we know. but someone's trying to help him and give him cash or something to get him on his way. I don't know yet. but they're guiding him. someone is guiding him, obviously, through these but he's getting help. yes. finally, in Episode three, we see the return of two of my favorite characters in the whole series, agent Albert and agent Gordon Cole. what the hell? what I love most is that very first time you see them, they're breaking down this weird case that's going on, and there's a picture of a supermodel, another picture of two just women bikinis, you got a gun, and or a little boy. all that stuff is just for people like us, or watching taking knows gonna home. okay, we got to remember this down the line. it's just Lynch [ __ ] with it. I think it's nonsense. it's complete nonsense. these are two of the most iconic personality characters in a series of iconic personalities, the stick-in-the-mud agent albert, who hates absolutely everything, and the like sort of like caring, almost generous heart of Gordon Cole, that are these, like, sort of driving forces in the FBI realm of Twin Peaks. and finally, at the end of that episode, we got a cool shot Payne Cole's office, where you have that big mushroom cloud poster paint on the wall. the American flag is red. phone. that's all David Lynch telling us, Rob, we have certain mystery of the strange forces of existence. okay, that's pretty much all we have for episode three, but let us know what you thought in the comments. yeah, who's the woman in the room knocking on that door? and what is major Briggs doing in space? I have an idea about what major Briggs doing in space though, in this next episode. yeah, let's get on episode 4. so episode 4 opens with mr. jackpot still at the casino, breaking the bank. he's cleaning out. now, I don't think we saw very much going on in that sequence. it's just sort of plods along. and if there's anything that you notice that we didn't also, let us know about that. I'm dad. he gets a limo ride home to the house with the red door. and after he gets out of the limo, there's a, there's an owl circling overhead, which leads to maybe the possibility that, in addition to him being manufactured, his whole family could possibly be manufactured by Bob. just the clues are they are telling you that something's wrong here. the way that they only wants his character talks to him after, you know, he's not right in the head. you there's something wrong. and they continue to still, like, treat him like he's normal. and we've also seen Naomi Watts play a manufactured character before in the holland drive, where betty was sort of the doppelganger of Diane Selwyn. yeah, brick through the looking-glass here, people. okay, now we come back to agent Cole and agent Albert. yes, they have now traveled to see Bob Cooper. he's been captured, and he's a little weird to his lines of dialogue. is he messed up too, after what happened? that's what I'm thinking. I'm thinking that, you know, mr. Jack pots isn't exactly Dale Cooper, and this guy that they have isn't exactly Bob Cooper. he, he definitely appears messed up. he does not seem as like coherent as he was before. I will tell you the whole story all its twists and turns. this segues into a scene between agent Albert and agent Cole where it's completely washed out in blue Lynch tau. and then stop. Gordon turns up his hearing aid all the way so that they can whisper. and they talk about the Blue Rose. Blue Rose, it doesn't get any blower. Blue Rose is the designation for sort of x-files in the Twin Peaks universe, right? these are cases that Gordon Cole was working on over the years. and some of those cases involved Dale Cooper, some Phillip Jeffries, and also Windom Earle. now, there may be a connection to blue rose and Project Blue Book, which is a classified operation that major Briggs was a part of. and also, when Demerol, we also know that research from Project Blue Book led to discoveries of the white and black life. and somehow, some way, I think this connects to Ruth Davenport's murder. I'm gonna take a shot at this. I believe that body in the room is major Briggs. that seems like a stretch to me to get it's floating head saying blue rose, alluding to the decapitation. again, little things like that pop up. I don't know, I can kind of see it, but I'd like to see what other people think of the comments. I think Bob killed him. this is my theory. I think Bob killed him. oh, [ __ ], buddy, I got a dig a little deeper. there's no pepe. so you gotta be kidding me. I got boxes full of Pepe. okay, now for some quick thoughts. uh, this episode had two of our favorite scenes so far in the series, easily, and honestly, they're the ones that sold me on it. I was a little bit skeptical leading up to this, but the first one that really got me was the reintroduction of Bobby Briggs and his meltdown over seeing the photo of Laura. [Music]. that scene really is like the JumpStart of this is Twin Peaks, the melodramatic crying, the music, the score kicking in at the right time, that is competes. and his momentary pulling himself out of it to have this sort of like mundane line. it's so good, it's delicious. brings back some memories. this scene is immediately followed by the introduction of Andy and Lucy's son, Wally Brando, played by Michael Cera, from Alexandria, Virginia, Stockton, California. I think about Louis and his friend Clark, the first Caucasians see this part of the world. Michael Cera turns in this bizarrely kind of cute impression of Brando and on the Wild Ones. it is hilarious. the group that I was watching the show with, we were having a hysterical laughing fit. I missed half of the dialogue during that scene just because we were laughing so much. he recites a poem, yes. now, there are just a couple of tidbits out of that that I think are worth mentioning. one thing that he says is that, my shadow is always with me, except that when it's cloudy or at night. he also says to sheriff Truman's brother sheriff Truman, my Dharma is the road. your Dharma is. and we shall see where that leads. it's worth mentioning to that, sheriff Truman's brother sheriff Truman is played by Robert Forrester, yes. and he's now one of several actors we've seen from a Holland Drive. so we had him. Naomi was Naomi Watts. Brent Briscoe is one of the cops. and also Patrick Fischler was in the Vegas Tower, answering to, we think the billionaire, that's right. and that character, of all of them, is the most similar to his character, Mahalo dr, who saw the man behind the Winkies. mm-hmm. also, Denise returns David company's character. and I love the line of dialogue, or, as she says, don't just love sometimes saying Federal Bureau of Investigation like that all at once. the way she says it is a little bit of a callback to the way Dale Cooper says it. and also, x-files, we had a lot of vomiting in this episode as well, some absolutely great vomiting, I would say, some awesome movie vomiting. fans of the series will probably rightfully connect it to Garmin Bhoja from the original seasons. but what I kind of want to call out is a really tenuous tie that isn't really a hint or a clue or anything, but this vomit is about as good as you would get from like, Evil Dead. yeah. and the kind of connection I want to draw there is that the cinematographer of the series is Peter Deming, who also shot people dangle dead. those are our thoughts and theories on episodes three and four of Twin Peaks, the return. definitely hit the subscribe button if you want to check out more down the road, and last on the comments section if we missed anything. until next time, see you guys later. 