hello everyone. this is mr brain junkie here. and today we're going to be talking about a science fiction film called war of the worlds. be ready for some spoilers ahead. rey is a middle class working man whose wife divorced him recently. his relationship with his son, robbie, is also pretty bad. the daughter, rachel, seems to like him a bit more and still calls him father. with the given circumstances, rey is embarrassed by his financial status as his ex-wife criticizes the living arrangement he has. the presence of the new boyfriend doesn't help rey any better. the wife is going to boston to her parents house, and are leaving the kids with rey. she's very skeptical of ray's ability to handle the kids and tells him to call her if anything goes wrong. robbie watches the news that reports a recent earthquake accompanied by an electric outage in a large radius. ray turns off his television and tells robbie to play some ball, trying to mend their father and son relationship. their conversation quickly turns bitter when the son talks about how great his stepfather is compared to rey. the ball game results in rey breaking his own windows. they order some food, and rey calls out robbie to come down to eat. rachel tells him that robbie is gone. she says he took the father's car and just left, leaving rape with his stunned expression. rey goes out to find his son, but sees everyone staring into the sky. he looks back and sees a large cloud formation that looks very strange. he goes to the backyard to get a closer look, and notices something even weirder. the wind is blowing towards the storm instead of against it. the wind suddenly stops, and lightning begins striking down on the ground. the lightning strikes again and again, while both of them runs inside the house and hides under the table. when it finally stops, ray gets up to check the lights, but everything electric is no longer working. he goes outside and sees all the cars have stopped. robbie walks towards rey and tells him his car has broken down. ray tells him to look after his sister while he figures out what's really going on. he runs towards the spot where the lightning strikes, and on his way meets his friend who's fixing his car. ray tells him to change the solenoid. he gets there with many others and sees a large hole on the ground. ray grabs one of the rocks and is surprised that it's not hot, but freezing cold. they feel vibration coming from the ground, but there's no subway stations nearby. the ground begins to crack, breaking the buildings in half. the whole area rises and then sinks into a large hole. a car falls into the hole, but is thrown out and crashes on the ground. everyone stares in fear and confusion as a large machine rises from the hole, towering over the buildings. it makes a deafening noise and proceeds to vaporize everyone with its laser beams. rey runs towards their house while people are being vaporized left and right. he comes back home covered with human dust, and takes a moment to regain his sanity. he tells the kids to grab everything they can and they have to leave. they head to the car, which his friend fixed and is probably the only one that's working around here. rey tells his friend to get in, but he doesn't listen. he closes the door and drives off, just before the laser beam strikes and kills everything behind. rey tries his best to explain to the kids what he saw, but rachel panics and robbie has to comfort her from the back seat. they arrive at their mother's place, but finds no one inside the house. ray tells his kids to relax and assures them that they just went to boston. he tries to make them some sandwiches, but clearly no one is hungry from the stress they just experienced. they sleep inside the basement for safety, and ray keeps his gun close by. at night, he's woken up by loud noises from the window. it gets louder and the house begins shaking. they run into the utility room as flames engulf the entire house. rey walks out in the morning and sees the entire floor gone. a plane has crashed right on top of their house last night. he finds some reporters scavenging the leftovers from the plane. the female reporter tells rey that the machines have a shield around them, which the military is unable to get through. she shows him footages of numerous machines destroying human civilization. she believes that the aliens came down from the lightning into the machines which were buried here a long time ago. rey heads off with the kids and takes the smaller roads to avoid people from seeing them with a working car. they meet numerous military tanks going in the opposite direction. robbie tries to get on the ride with them, which rey quickly stops him from doing. he tells his son not to be crazy and think about his sister and what will she do if he was gone. they arrive into a town where numerous people are looking for their lost ones. a crowd starts forming around them with people banging on the windows. a fight breaks out, and they're dragged outside as everyone fights for the working car. rey stops the fight with his gun and tells everyone to back off. rachel screams as she sees another man pointing his gun at her father. ray drops his weapon and surrenders. he leaves with his kids while someone else picks up his gun. they sit in the restaurant unsure of what to do next, while the fight for the car continues outside with gunshots being fired. rey has a momentary breakdown as he cries they have no choice but to head towards the ferry with the crowds. as they get closer, rachel notices something wrong. as the birds fly away from their direction, a loud roar can be heard, and a tripod is seen standing behind the people. everyone rushes onto the boat while it tries to take off. ray's family barely makes it. but the trouble is not over yet. a bright light appears underwater and another tripod emerges, flipping the ferry over. rey swims away from the machines with his children, while they capture all the people with their tentacles. they make it to shore and on top of a mountain and sees numerous tripods killing everyone like ants. they escape into the forest as the clothing from the vaporized people drop down from the sky. they escape into another town where the military is fighting against the alien. numerous military vehicles charge towards the machines, while robbie follows them behind. rey stops the sun while rachel waits for them from behind. he tells robbie that he loves him regardless of how robbie feels. but rey is forced to let him go when rachel is pulled away by two strangers. rey grabs his daughter and runs away from the burning military vehicles. a man raises his hand and tries to help people into his shelter. rey hides with him in his basement, where they can finally catch their breaths. he comforts his daughter and tells her that they will meet robbie in boston, although rey has trouble believing this himself. the other man, harlan, offers them to stay as long as they want. he assures rey that they have plenty of food and water. their chat is cut short when they hear a loud noise from the outside. they look through the window and seize the tripods probing the floors, getting ready to terraform earth. the next morning, rey sees red plants growing from outside the house. he looks for his daughter and sees harlan talking inappropriately with rachel. rey warns harlan to never speak with her again. the machine suddenly becomes quiet, and rey hears noises from upstairs. a drone comes in and nearly catches rachel, but rey is able to outsmart it with a mirror. the drone retreats, and the aliens come down into the basement. they explore the area, while rey tries to hide from them. harlem wants to kill them with his shotgun, but rey stops him. they remain hidden as the aliens leave. harlan becomes more deranged after witnessing what the aliens are using the live humans for. they suck out the blood of human beings and are using them as fertilizers for the terraforming plants. he goes crazy and starts making loud noises, which puts everyone in danger. rey puts a blindfold on rachel and is forced to kill harlan. while sleeping, rachel hears a noise coming from behind. she turns around and sees the drone staring at her. she screams and runs, while rey breaks the drawing half. rey turns around and sees his daughter missing. he hears a scream and runs outside, only to see his daughter being abducted by the machine. he chases after the tripod and finds a bag of grenades from a military vehicle. he gets the machine's attention by throwing the grenade at it and gets himself abducted. he finds rachel amongst the others, but she's clearly scared out of her mind. rey tries to comfort her, but her face remains expressionless. a tentacle comes out of the machine and grabs rey. he is pulled halfway inside, but everyone in the cage helps to pull him out. rey manages to stick the grenades inside the machine, and it blows up, as a result, fraying everyone. they finally makes it to boston, where the military is standing guard. ray sees something strange and finds the alien plants are dying. he continues walking and sees a tripod destroyed, lying on top of a building. he tries to ask the soldiers what happened, but no one seems to know the answer. they find another tripod limping as the military tries to evacuate all the civilians, rey notices that the birds are flying on top of the machines, and he yells to the soldier, telling them that it has no shields. the soldier is surrounded and manages to take it down with rocket launchers. they move closer to the fallen machine and sees its doors open. the alien climbs out, but dies immediately. rey carries his daughter and finally reunites with his ex-wife. robbie appears to have survived as well. and he runs towards his father, embracing him. it appears that the aliens were not killed by humanity after all, but rather by the tiny organisms that live amongst humans. through millions of years of evolution, humans have earned the right to exist within this planet, whereas the invaders have not. so what do you guys think about this movie? let me know in the comments below. and if you like my videos, please press like and subscribe for more. i'll see you guys next time. 