[Music], people in your town are being murdered by killers who can summon deadly spirits. these things can control your body, erase you from existence, command an unstoppable army and even freeze time. locked in the most dangerous fight of your life. what do you do? i'm going to break down the mistakes made, what you should do in how to be the stands in jojo's bizarre adventure. diamond is unbreakable. this killer is about to have the best night of his life. he's already begun murdering people, and the police are closing in. the cops bust into the room, but the killer escapes out the window and onto the roof before they can reach him. he makes it onto the streets, and as he's catching his breath, he sees a man in the distance hold up a bow and arrow. he gets shot in the throat, but as the arrow is ripped from his body, the killer starts to move. he's still alive. and the archer is impressed. he congratulates him on being chosen and walks away. just before the police start to arrive, the murderer stands up to surrender, except now he can somehow control the water and these cops will soon find out just how dangerous this guy really is. he's interrogated by the police, but they realize that the room is suddenly filled with water, as it shoots it from the floor, killing them instantly. finishing off the last guard, he strolls out of the building with the power to murder an entire police department. and there's only one person that can stop him. across the city, koichi here is a transfer student and has just moved to town. he's excited for his second day at his new school. but on his way, he cuts through a dark alley and gets quartered by a couple of punks. luckily, they're all distracted when someone else passes through, they start shouting threats. but when one of them insults his hairstyle, it hits a nerve. they just made a huge mistake. suddenly, the stranger throws a punch that knocks one of them across the alley and into the bike, while the other one gets an uppercut in, all without even touching them. but when he decides to let them off with a stern warning, the punk suddenly realizes all the blood on his face is gone, like it never happened. and they run away. koichi here thanks him for the rescue and recognizes him as jojo from school, who doesn't recognize him in return, probably because he's a little taller and less blonde than normal. jojo turns to leave, but as koichi here looks back down on his bike, he sees it somehow been fixed. okay, this student here is completely clueless. we just saw something that defies the laws of physics and makes us question the entire known universe, but he's more worried that this guy doesn't recognize him from school. this dude clearly has special powers, and i would try to befriend them, because we could turn this into a profitable business opportunity. schools are filled with geeks who are being bullied every day. and they would gladly part with their lunch money to watch those bullies have the [ __ ] kicked out of them. if this guy could take down two gangsters without laying a finger on them and erasing all evidence of the fight, no teacher would believe them, and we would be untouchable. later that day, the killer is stalking his next victim. these kids are messing around at the fountain when water flies into this guy's mouth. he starts thrashing around and dies, but then launches itself into the other kid, possessing him. on his way home from school, koichi sees a woman being taken hostage. jojo here notices that there's something wrong with the criminal's eyes, and he seems possessed. he doesn't want any trouble and turns to leave. but when this guy insults his hair, jojo here isn't having any of it. once again, this was a huge mistake. the woman is about to get stabbed when somehow the blade comes flying out of the criminal's back. jojo here has used his power to take the knife away by punching it through his body. the hostage is let go, but the criminal discovers that the knife is now inside his stomach. he starts to have a seizure and collapses to the ground as a watery creature escapes from his mouth and into a drain. koichi here can't see the creature, but knows there's something happening beyond what he can see. confused, jojo runs away as the police arrive, but doesn't notice the mysterious man sitting nearby. all right, this is not normal. and now the whole town has seen it. even if you save someone's life, this brings a lot of unwanted attention, and you're going to be tracked down for answers. if you're going to use your powers in public, at least do it like this guy here, where you look like you have nothing to do with the situation, so it doesn't draw attention to you. but even still, if you do it often enough, a pattern will emerge, and you'll become a suspect. as cold-blooded as it sounds, he shouldn't have saved the girl. it sounds harsh, but when you have this much power, you have to protect that secret at great cost. using it in public tells you he's immature, and this is guaranteed to get him in trouble. later on that night, a drunk businessman throws a tantrum and complains about his job. when he sees someone across the bridge with a bow and arrow, he gets shot with it and collapses to the ground. the shooter asks that the man can turn his emotions into something more powerful, but the businessman quickly dies. disappointed, the archer takes his arrow and leaves. okay, this guy's arrow turned the first man into a water wielding villain, but turned this guy into a corpse. that means this arrow reveals who has a power and who doesn't. now we don't know why he's trying to collect powerful people yet, but it's safe to assume that it's for his own personal advantage. the problem is, he's not being very smart about his targets. a drunk salary man with anger issues is not going to be very easy to control because he already hates being bossed around at work where he has no power. if i were an evil aeroshooting villain, i would be targeting the homeless population of the city because it would get less attention from the police if they died. but also, if any of them survived and had powers, they would be more grateful of their new powers, and might be more inclined to do your bidding as a favor. the next day, koichi here sees jojo on his way to school and tries to catch up, but almost crashes. he falls off his bicycle, but before he hits the ground, time suddenly stops and he's somehow back on his feet. this man has a power, too, and asks for help to find jojo. koichi here goes to tell him that this man wants to talk to him, but jojo's never seen him before in his life. the man reveals that he's jotaro jojo's nephew. the kid's father had an affair, and he's come to inform him about his inheritance after the failing discovered his existence. thanking him, jojo here turns to leave, but the man has something more important to discuss. these girls approach to compliment jojo's hair, but jyotoro here tells him to knock it off with a stupid hair talk. and for jojo here, this is the last straw. jojo attacks, except this time he's met his match and gets knocked back. the man tries to explain that these spirits they have are called stands, and only other stand users can see them. but jojo's not interested in hearing it and gets out for more. does it. he's attacked again, but the man freezes time, appears behind the kid and punches him in the face. now i know what you're thinking. the next thing you're going to say is that that was his biggest mistake. but this guy has a major advantage here, because he can stop time all over zoharudo. this lets him move anywhere instantly. with that kind of power. i can't beat the out of him without getting closer. and we're completely outmatched here. so if it's me, i would just change my identity and live a very quiet life. instead, jojo here gives up the fights and admits he saw a water stand the other day. he's not interested in getting involved in leaves, but the man knows jojo's life will soon be in danger if he doesn't help him. okay, pausing time is an extremely overpowered ability, and he seems like a good dude and all, but we might have been able to exploit the kids powers to beat this guy on the first try. now, jojo here can restore things back to the original parts at such high speeds that it's almost instantaneous. i would try breaking this entire bridge by spreading it out and putting it back together, over and over at extremely high speeds, creating 360 degrees of splendid trap. note around me as protection. as soon as jotaro here comes back out of the frozen time, he would be hit by the shrapnel from any direction and injure him at his hotel. the man learns that the water stand jojo saw is linked to a serial killer named angelo in that he needs to be near water to activate his stand. but with the rainstorm approaching, he's going to be more dangerous than ever. he needs to warn the boy, but has no idea that the killer has already tracked him down. it begins to rain, and the murderer sends out his stand, commanding it to kill jojo's entire family. ok, on a normal day, this water stand guy has some serious limitations. but at the same time, he's not maximizing the potential of this thing at all. if i were him, i would be using the sewage and water system of the town to go anywhere i please. this gives me access to way more people, even in perfect weather, because we actually spent as much as 90 percent of our time indoors. if i move through the water systems, i can access office buildings, residences, police stations, you name it. now, for the same reason, if i was jojo here and saw this water stand go into the sewer drain, i would be shutting off the water to my house. there might be some hindsight here, but honest to god, if i saw this thing come out of someone's mouth, like this. i'm not taking it lightly. and not taking measures to keep your family safe is a massive oversight. back at home, jojo's mom drinks some water from the tap, when he suddenly sees a stand inside her mouth, thinking quickly, he slams a glass bottle through her body and traps it inside. but she doesn't notice anything and leaves the house. he shakes the bottle and, after seeing the stand trapped inside, calls jotaro to tell him the news. the man says he'll be there soon and warns him to keep an eye on it. instead, he leaves the stand alone on the counter. it sees the grandpa and cleverly transforms into a bottle of whiskey. the old man takes it to drink, with no idea that the stand is inside. when jojo returns, he hears a thud from upstairs and sees the glass bottle is missing. realizing that something is wrong, he goes upstairs to check on his grandpa and finds him dead on the floor. okay, this is on him. there's no reason to expect that he can turn himself into whiskey. but leaving around the house is just dangerous, and has gotten his grandfather killed personally, i wouldn't be waiting for jotaro to arrive before coming up with ways to deal with this thing. if the stand moves through water, i would try to limit him even more by freezing him into ice. i would take this bottle and put it in the back of the freezer where no one can find it. even if it doesn't kill him, it permanently traps him as a solid, and he can't turn back to water on his own. jotaro finally arrives at the house, and they go upstairs. use jojo's stand to heal his grandpa's injuries, but his power can't bring someone back to life. the man hears a noise downstairs and goes down to find the floor covered in water. he shuts up the running faucets and begins to hear the voice of the killer threatening them. the stan jumps out and attacks jotaro, who dodges out of the way. that's when jojo comes downstairs to face his grandfather's killer. the stan suddenly evaporates and appears below him and lunges at jojo's throat. but the man freezes time at the last minute and pummels him the water stand is outmatched. in deciding to change tactics, he disappears. jojo here asks that the kid can heal his own wounds, and jojo tells him he can't. that's when they notice a kettle start to steam. and they realize the water stand has turned itself into gas. okay, this stand can only travel through water molecules, and steam is better for spreading out inside the house. but he's moving much slower than before. this gives us a great opportunity to try and find the cheryl killer. even stands that can travel further away from their users must still be close enough to carry out their orders. so it means the user is closer than we think. i would use joturo's abilities to stop time and travel outside to look for the killer, so that, even though we're in the rain, we can't get harmed. the longer he spends in frozen time, the more ground he can cover. and before the water stand has figured out what's going on, his user can be found and killed. the steam spreads through the house, and jojo here breaks one of the walls, running into the next room to safety, he quickly realizes that this was a trap, as they notice a humidifier in the corner, and they're surrounded by mist. the water stance suddenly attacks him, forcing its way inside his body. as the killer begins to gloat. but this was a part of jojo's clever plan. as his standard reaches into his body and pulls a rubber glove with the water stand trapped inside. he reveals that earlier, he cut the glove into pieces and swallowed them, using his powers to reconstruct it in his stomach. shaking the glove, he's surprised to hear noises outside. and they followed the sound to find the tortured killer. okay, this was really smart outside the box thinking, and it saved his life. but also, he was incredibly lucky that this worked. punching your way out from inside their stomach is lazy and inefficient. and if i wanted to kill someone quickly, i would have looked for the easiest way to hurt him without breaking the skin, which is through the nose and into the lungs. he could be killed by drowning a lot more easily. and if he did this, he wouldn't have been caught by the glove at all. i would even go one step further and move from the lungs and the paper thin walls of the alveoli sacs into the pulmonary arteries, where we can enter the blood in its body. 55 of human blood is actually plasma, which is the fluid that carries the red blood cells. and plasma is 92 percent water. i would invade the plasma of his blood and stop it from entering his heart until he has a sheer heart attack. they find the serial killer outside and interrogate him. he tells them he received the stand when he was shot by a special arrow looking for vengeance. jojo decides to punish this killer in the most horrifying way he can. with his stand. he punches the killer into a nearby rock and restores it that trap him inside. okay, this is a brutal death, and probably the smartest way to take care of him. by hiding him in the rock, there's no dead body and no masticline that could lead the police back to you. honestly, i wouldn't have thought this solution, because if i were him, i would want to find a way to kill both his stand and the user in one move. we just saw that shaking this glove throws a user around like a ragdoll. and this is a really important point because it means whatever is happening to the stand will affect the human in some way. if we still turn the stand into a block of ice, then now we can take it one step further and shatter the ice into pieces to see if it will kill the human. that way we can at least confirm that both are dead, and then hide them in the rock where no one will find the pieces. the next day, jojo attends his grandpa's funeral, but notices someone is watching him. he follows him to this abandoned property, where koichi finds him and insists on joining him. they walk up to the abandoned house, this guy appears out of nowhere and kicks koichi to the ground. the man steps on his chest, and jojo asks to let him go, when suddenly, koichi is shot by an arrow. he's badly wounded, and jojo knows he won't survive without his help. this guy here introduces himself as okiyasu, the brother of the archer, and his stand appears behind him. the archer orders him to kill jojo to avenge the water stand. he defeated. he goes in for the attack and immediately gets knocked down. but this guy's just getting started. jojo notices his special ability comes from his hand and catches it just in time. the stand breaks free, and jojo quickly dodges as the hand swings down into the sign. recovering, he notices that a part of the sign has gone missing, and realizes the enemy's ability is to erase things and fuse together whatever is left. okuyasu then takes it one step further, erasing the space between himself and jojo, and punches them to the ground. it's impossible to run away from the sky, but jojo notices something behind him and comes up with a plan. okay, this is a really dangerous ability, and one hit from his hand will end us. i wouldn't want to get anywhere near this thing, but the problem is, i can't beat this out of you without getting closer. we just might have one way. we can use his own power against him though. if we have the ability to restore things back to their original state, then maybe we can actually restore the space he deleted, putting more discs between us. it might also mean we can redestroy the fix we just made. this gives us a great fighting strategy to rush in for a strike and quickly rush back out of his range by restoring the space back. the safest way to test this is to try and restore the sign. if it works, then we can undo everything he raises, and we keep the upper hand. but if it doesn't work, there's something else we can do here. i would use my stand to create dozens of holes in the ground on the battlefield throughout the fight, making it harder for him to get sure footing. and if he steps into one, i would quickly restore the hole, trapping him in. once he's trapped, we can easily knock him down, grab his hand and force it on him to erase himself. jojo taunts him into attacking as the guy tries to erase him, but he dodges out of the way, making him erase the space between himself and a statue and knocks himself out. jojo looks for koichi and notices there are bloodstains leading into the house. he follows them upstairs where he finds the older brother. jojo warns him not to pull out the arrow, as koichi will bleed out and die. but the man doesn't care. the younger brother comes up, distracting jojo. but as he turns around, a machine gun starts firing. he dodges out of the way, but okuyasu here gets shot. jojo goes back to help him and tries pulling him to safety, when his hand is shot up with tiny bullets. determined, he takes him to the staircase and asks what his brother's standpower is. in exchange for healing, he refuses to tell. but jojo here decides to heal him anyway, asking nothing in return. jojo heads upstairs and sees the older brother is missing, but his friend, koichi is still trapped in the middle of the floor. he's about to go rescue him when he turns around and sees okuyasu here, who uses his ability to pull koichi in, and jojo heals him. the brother has returned the favor. and now that they're even, okuyasu here turns to leave. koichi gets up, but around the corner, a swarm of tiny helicopters fly in. this was the archer's real stand, an army of decked out soldiers. and with strength in numbers, they won't be easy to kill. okay, this stand isn't like the others. we've seen so far because it's not a single unit. so taking out one soldier will not kill them. that's why i would try to take out the entire army at once. now the archer here has to be near his soldiers to command them. so if we could somehow separate this guy from his army, this could limit the effectiveness of his stand. luckily, we're in an old, worn down house that looks pretty weak. so i would have my stand destroy the floor, causing the whole army to fall through. these soldiers are no more than 10 centimeters tall, so with their relative height, this will be the equivalent of a 90 meter drop to the first floor. that's like falling from the top of the statue of liberty. and there's no way to survive that kind of fall. i could then fix the floor up, which puts them out of range, and we'd only have the helicopters to deal with. jojo here does his best to defend them, but he's overwhelmed by a missile barrage. that's when koichi sees a tank approaching and warns jojo they're coming for him. but then jojo realizes if koichi can see the stands, then he must be a user now, too, and the arrow chose him. the archer finally shows himself, revealing his fully formed stand called bad company, and wants to see what koichi's new stand is. one of the soldiers stabs him in the foot, causing him to unleash a giant floating egg, which is useful to absolutely no one. the archer is about to attack, so jojo kicks the egg to the side of the room, knocking koichi way to safety, and takes the army's assault head on. he tries his best, but it's too much for him to handle. the archer commands his army to kill jojo. and koichi here begs him to stop. but the man reveals that once he gives a command, it can't be modified. okay, this guy has just given us a manual for how to beat him, and he's not using his stand very wisely. commanding your entire army with a single, irreversible command leaves no room for surprise. if i were him, i would split my army into separate platoons so that i can add commands and adjust to the changes in the battle. this guy is leaving himself vulnerable, and it's exactly what koichi here should be taking advantage of. if we know he's already commanded all of them to finish jojo, then they can't shoot koichi at all. this gives him a huge advantage because it means he might be able to walk right through the room and fight the archer himself. this room also has a walkway above, so if he could sneak to the upper floor, he could try dropping his giant egg stand and crush him. a helicopter fires its missiles at jojo, who manages to break them, but gets too injured to keep going, leaving koichi here defenseless. but he refuses to back down, and suddenly, his egg begins to crack. a tiny creature breaks out, punches the air and falls to the ground. this stand has no use to the archer and prepares to kill him. but then jojo gets a second wind. he then reveals his master plan and restores the missiles he punched earlier, turning them around on the archer. keichu here tries to command his soldiers to shoot down the missiles, but he's already given an order, and they can't protect him. the missiles hit him and his stand disappears. they hear something upstairs, and koichi goes up to investigate. he opens the door and is grabbed by some creature. jojo runs up and knocks to the ground. the archer is still alive, and he reveals his monster is his father. he's forgotten how to be human, but has transformed into this immortal creature. kaicho was using the arrow to find a stand strong enough to kill his immortal father to end his misery, but nothing has worked. they notice the monster is looking for something in a box, so jojo uses his stand to restore it to its original condition, revealing an old photo of their family. the monster picks up the picture and starts crying. there's still a part of him that's human. jojo offers to help destroy the bow and arrow, and okayasu agrees, but his brother refuses. he's about to leave when they all hear a strange sound as something flies through the window and lands on the floor. it's a toy car stand and erases for okiyasu, but his brother pushes him out of the way and gets run through. it moves up his body and pops out of his mouth to blow him up before anyone can stop it. this stand user was defeated. but soon jojo will run into another that's even more dangerous. a disembodied hand in a paper bag is kept by a notorious serial killer who only wants a peaceful life, and he'll get it no matter the cost. but what do you think? how would you be the stands in jojo's bizarre adventure? let me know with a comment down below. thank you so much for watching. leave a like and subscribe. and check out the how to be playlist for more videos like this. until next time, have a damn good day. 