hi everybody. today i want to recap the thriller movie called the boy next door. hope you enjoy. claire peterson separates from her husband, garrett, after he was caught cheating with his secretary. her colleague and best friend, vicky lansing, urges claire to divorce. nineteen-year-old noah sanborn moves in next door to help his uncle, who uses a wheelchair. they learn that noah is now an orphan following a fatal car accident in his family the previous year. his parents died last year. i'm always got now in the way of family. seems like a nice boy. noah befriends kevin, claire's teenage son, and begins attending his school, where claire teaches classics. noah is drawn to claire expressing love for homer's iliad. with kevin and garrett away on a fishing trip, noah catches claire watching him change clothes through her window. claire goes on a miserable double date with vicky and her boyfriend, ethan and his ill-mannered friend benny. so ethan tells me, you teach english. is it the classics? i mean, i don't know how many kids nowadays are going to use what they learned from classics? silly me. i just want them educated. i'm fine with education, but we got to get them working practical skills. that's where the money is. pleasure to me. with kevin still away, noah calls claire over to help him cook. she ends up having dinner with him, during which he unashamedly flirts with her. what dad? you're beautiful. oh, no, i'm amazing. natural sexy. despite claire's hesitation, she lets noah seduce her and has passionate sex with him. so sexy, noah. it's a night in the window. it doesn't feel wrong. [Music]. the following morning, claire wakes up and tells noah that she regrets their night together, causing him to punch a wall in rage. the school year begins with noah joining claire's class after hacking into her computer, making it appear as if she had requested this. kevin, did you send an email from my account to principal warren? sounds like you've been hacked. noah manipulates kevin into hating his father, causing him to lash out at garrett. tell him about your computer class he's learning how to write his own software. i dropped it. what? i dropped it from boxing. now you're going out for bucks. you don't like boxing. how would you know? seriously, how would you know what i like and what i don't like? am i missing something here? yeah, okay, you're missing it for nine months. dad, you you just can't come back in here and expect to pick up like nothing happened. you know what? mom, i got i got home later. kevin over exerts himself at gym class and goes into shock. noah saves his life by injecting him with kevin's epipen. claire receives flowers from noah, and she confronts him about it after noah witnesses claire and garrett together at home after going on a date, he has flashbacks of him and claire having sex as he escalates his obsession with her. after an incident where noah defends kevin from his bully that cause him to slams the bully's head into a locker repeatedly. vicki, who is vice principal at the school, discovers that noah was kicked out of his previous school for disorderly conduct. after noah insults her, she expels him. i'm not done. i am i'm not sit down. you know what i see? i see a pattern of disturbing behavior. poor impulses a pathetic old woman who's trying to look and act like something she's not, something she'll never be. it's a dried-up, dirty [ __ ] [ __ ] you're gone. you're expelled. during the fall fling, claire goes to investigate a leak in the boys bathroom, where she sees the words, i [ __ ] claire peterson written on the wall. before noah emerges, he attempts to rape her, but she fends him off and demands that he stay away from her and kevin. the following day, noah leaves a printer running in claire's classroom with pictures of them sleeping together scattered everywhere. later, when garrett's car breaks fail to work, he and kevin are nearly involved in an accident. that evening, claire finds noah with garrett and kevin in her drawing room. noah blackmails claire, telling her that he has a video of them having sex, which he will relinquish to her if she continues sleeping with him. she refuses and has vicky lure noah away from his house so she can break in and delete their sex tape. while there, she finds nude pictures of herself all over the walls and on his laptop. she also finds instructions on how to tamper with the breaks of garrett's car and nose parents car. with the help of ethan's detective friend, she learns the truth about the car accident in nose family. noah binds and gags vicky with duct tape and uses a recording of her voice to lure claire to her house. when claire arrives, she discovers vicki dead. a horrified claire contacts the police, but runs into noah again. she accuses him of killing his parents, and he clarifies that his mother killed herself after his father cheated on her, and he retaliated by cutting the brakes of his father's car, killing him and his mistress. noah takes claire to a barn house where he has tied up garrett and kevin and explains that killing them will help him and claire to start a new life together. noah pours kerosene around the barn, causing it to ignite in flames. garrett frees himself in attempts to choke noah with a rope, prompting noah to shoot him in the chest. claire stabs nose eye with kevin's epipen. noah removes the epipen from his eye and blindly attacks claire. when he is about to kill kevin, claire pulls a lever that drops an engine on noah, killing him. claire and kevin then help a wounded garrett exit the burning barn house as police and paramedics arrive. you 