Hello Everybody. Hello Everybody. Welcome to my channel. Today I am going to explain an irish horror film caleed Boys from county hill. The film begins in a small town in Ireland named Six Miles Hill. Here, framing was the main business. This town was famous for the legend of Abhartach. According to the legend, Brahm Stoker came here in the 19th century and after listening to the story of Abhartach, he wrote the novel Dracula. This town had a cairn in the fields which has lasted for centuries and is believed to be the grave of Abhartach. Locals never touched this cairn as they believed in its legend too. According to the legend, Centuries ago there was a zombie-like man known as Abhartach who used to suck blood out of people. He was killed by a town chief named Cahan. Cahan burried Abhartach's body beneath this monument and placed stones over it. So that he can never reincarnate. People had been believing in this legend for centuries and were still doing it today. After the book Dracula got famous in the late 19th century, this town became famous too. The Cairn became a tourist place where people from all around the world used to visit here. Here the local bar was named after Brahm Stoker.Two youngsters named Eugene and William were drinking at the bar. Eugene was unemployed and broke, he lived alone in his house. William completed his degree at the university and was working at Eugene's dad's construction company. Off-coarse temporarily. These two guys mutual friend, Claire, was a bar attendant in this bar. These three wanted to settle out of this town as they believed this town as a shitty town. Now two Canadian tourists have just arrived at this bar who apparently had lots of money. Seeing the money they have, Eugene takes them on a tour of Cairn. Narrating the history of Cairn, he says, Abhartach was the first vampire in the world, as soon as someone comes near him, blood starts to pour out from them like water. William says that this cairn has been on his Dad's farm for centuries. If someone places their ears on this cairn, then even today they will hear the voice of Abartach. William asks tourists to check it for themselves. As soon as one guy places his ear on the stone, a vampire-like hand grabs his head. Which naturally spooks him, and he runs away from there shouting in panic. Now we see Eugene and William's fourth friend, Sap, emerging from the cairn. It was all a prank concocted by these guys to scare the tourists. L O L. The tourists go away abusing these three in anger. Later Sap says he wants to see at least once in his life what lies beneath this cairn. To which William says that if the bypass road project goes through, then this cairn will have to be demolished. Then we will see what lies beneath it.Eugene\xe2\x80\x99s dad, Francie, was a contractor. He had a construction company called Moffat construction. SP and William were road workers there. He was building a bypass road for which the demolition of this cairn was necessary. The cairn was in the middle of the road.Next day we see Eugene at his house, it is adjacent to his mom\xe2\x80\x99s farm field. For centuries Eugene\xe2\x80\x99s mom\xe2\x80\x99s family were in farming. Eugene\xe2\x80\x99s mom\xe2\x80\x99s old house was also in the field where he used to live when he was a child. Here Eugene\xe2\x80\x99s and Francie\xe2\x80\x99s relationship was estranged. Eugene\xe2\x80\x99s mom was dead, and she was divorced. Francie was not a good dad, he never took care of his young son properly, hence there was a resentment in Eugene\xe2\x80\x99s heart towards Francie. Eugene got his mom's house as an inheritance.Francie now offers a job to Eugene at his company. He was hoping he could use him and William to pursue William\xe2\x80\x99s dad George, who was against the demolition of that cairn. We see Eugene entering a huge underground barn in front of his house, which was there for centuries in different forms. Their we see an opening which used to connect to the town\xe2\x80\x99s swear lines. Eugene finds a human skull there which seemed old and half of its were missing. Later we see William and Eugene at the same bar, William was planning to shift to Australia. He had an offer from an Australian company who was willing to pay more. In the meanwhile, Claire lost her job too, she was joining these boys tomorrow morning on the road work project. As William was wasted with drinks, hence Eugene picked him up. He starts to drop him to his house. On the way these two start to argue and fight over Claire as both were in love with her. Eugene wanted William to propose to her, otherwise he was going to do that. These two were fighting near the cairn where William\xe2\x80\x99s hand hit a sharp-edged stone. He starts bleeding.At this precise time both hear George\xe2\x80\x99s screaming voice as one of his bulls was raging towards him. The bull directly attacks William, it pokes his horn into him, which results in his death on the spot. Gorge arrives and drives it away from William, but it was late. Eugene observes a strange phenomenon here, all the blood coming from Eugene\xe2\x80\x99s body was sinking in the mud as if someone was sucking it from beneath.Next day police investigate this matter, William\xe2\x80\x99s funeral takes place. The town\xe2\x80\x99s people were blaming Eugene for William\xe2\x80\x99s death, they were unhappy about the road project as it was going to demolish that cairn. Where Eugene was a part of it. Later Eugene Claire and Sp start their routine work. After a few weeks the project arrives at the cairn location. George was still not ready to move on from his house or agree to demolish that cairn which was directly obstructing the road project. He insists on Eugene not to demolish that cairn as he thought it could make the evil alive again.He warns him. He asks him in a cryptic way about William\xe2\x80\x99s blood when he died, to which Eugene gives no answer. As he was feeling guilty.Eugene now orders his co-worker Gabriel to demolish that cairn, but like many in town, he was scared too. He refuses it. Hence, Eugene himself demolishes that cairn. At night we see Eugene and Claire who were getting close, Claire started to like Eugene. At the construction site we see Charlie, the night guard, someone knocks at his cabin. When Charlie opened the door, there was nobody. He shouts angrily in the air as he was pissed. As soon as he returns to his cabin, we see his blood splashing on the window. Meaning someone has just killed him.Next day Francie makes Eugene the in-charge for the day as he was leaving the town for some odd work. Later Eugene and others see that someone has rebuilt the cairn. Charlie was missing too. Eugene gets confused, he goes back to the drawing board and makes a new way so that the cairn could be saved. When Francie arrives in the evening and sees that no work was done, then he angrily shuts at Eugene. He rejects Eugene\xe2\x80\x99s new proposal saying he was no engineer. He orders him to demolish that cairn again.Now we see Charlie at the cabin who was looking sick. Eugene was taking him to the hospital in a van, then the sunset happens. Charlie converts and becomes a vampire, he attacks Eugene which causes an accident. Francie, Claire, SP and Gabriel help Eugene, then all the head lights at the site go off. Eugene explains about the vampire-like behavior of Charlie, but nobody heeds it. Francie now goes to switch on the lights where someone kidnaps Gabriel. Eugene was searching for Charlie at the cabin where Charlie attacked him violently. Claire arrives there in time, and she starts to beat Charlie with a measuring rod. She pokes the nose of the rod into Charlie's heart, which causes his heart to move out from his body. Eugene and Claire ran from there in panic where SP and Francie found Gabriel\xe2\x80\x99s body. He was dead too. These guys were in chaos as they didn\xe2\x80\x99t know what the hell was happening.Now Charlie came from that cabin with that pole on his chest, and his heart was out. He had become an undead zombie as Abartech. Francie grabs him by his pole and drops him into a hole. He beats him, but he doesn't die. Charlie climbs the pole and starts coming out of it. Claire pours a ton of mud on him with the help of a JCB, but that also doesn't help.He starts to get out of the mud. Eugene asks Claire to pour stones on him from a nearby cairn as a last resort. Claire does that, and this time Charlie was buried. Meaning, he was converted into a zombie, and you could only finish them by burying them with stones like cairn.All four breathe a sigh of relief for a few minutes. They were now convinced in the legend of Abhartech. This has been happening since yesterday when Eugene demolished the cairn. These guys see some movement from the original cairn, the hand of the original Abhartech comes out of it. As Claire had demolished the original cairn to pour stones on the charlie. Seeing this these four runs away from it like Usain Bolt. All these scenes were very funny. The director has done a brilliant job here. Now they arrive at George's house and explain everything to him. George was not surprised here. He gives the idea of informing the police. Eugene tries that but fails to explain it properly. Later George shows the truth to all. He had locked William in a room, he too had become a zombie like Charlie. He was quite violent, George was feeding him animals every day. George was a mortician, he was preparing William's body at home. That day, William got up as soon as the night fell, it was also seen by George's wife Pauline, and since then she was in shock. A small piece of stone was stuck on William's hand when he fought with Eugene. George says that people do not convert into zombies by the bite of a vampire, but become zombies with the cut of Abartech stones. George had a fake body at William's funeral.He also confesses that he attacked Charlie in the cabin. It was he who made him a zombie by scratching him with the stone of Abartech. George's farm house was in the middle of this road project, he was trying to stop it at any cost. That's why he made Charlie a zombie so that he could attack everyone, which may lead to the halting of the project. By saying all this, George started crying. As for him, William was still alive. He thought of his zombieness as a medical condition that could be cured. He didn't want to lose his son. These four were shocked after hearing this, they did not even expect this in their dreams. Eugene consoles George and says, what is there in that room is no William, William is gone, this zombie is just a curse. These four now pacify George and convince him. Their plan was now to hit William hard so that he became unconscious and put stones on his body. As this idea was written in the novel Dracula. Here Francie disagrees with it, he suggests a dark creative idea of severing the head of William. So that he will be weak and easy to put him in a coffin. For this, they prepare a coffin with extra boards. George was ready with an axe. Eugene goes to William's room, opens his lock and runs back. William follows him, but he does not come forward as he has understood their trick. There were memories left in him. Claire now grabs Eugenie's hand and provokes William as she knew William liked her. William proceeds forward with anger. George was about to hit his head with an axe, that's when Pauline shot him from behind. She was awake, and she sensed William as her son. She goes towards him in her innocence, but zombie William attacks her and kills her. Oh, Poor Lady. The rest runs away from home seeing their failed plan. In a hurry, Eugene forgot to bring the car keys. William now comes out, George shoots at him for distraction, but it's no use. He doesn't die. George didn't want to die from a zombie bite, so he shot himself with the gun. William attacks him anyway and eats him alive. We see the town's police officer here who was sleeping in his house. When he wakes up for the leak, he starts bleeding heavily. As the original Abhartech was now risen from his graveyard, he was moving around the town and sucking people's blood.The rest went back home and were hiding. SP and Eugene were hiding under the casket in the funeral room. Claire and Francie were hiding in the hall. When William was checking one casket, Eugene hammers a nail in his head, SP pushes him in an empty casket and shouts for help. William attacks back, he snatches Sp's stomach, due to which he starts bleeding. Later, Claire, Eugene and Francie attacked William and put him in a casket. They closed it with many nails.But in the midst of all this, SP was hurt pretty bad, he dies due to excessive bleeding. Eugene and Claire were crying as they lost two of their childhood friends in two months. But the work was not over yet, they buried that casket next to George's house. They pour stones on it. Now the original Abhartech who came out of that cairn was roaming in the town, he was sucking blood from all the people. Here we see that old couple which we saw at the beginning. It was he who was at their door step. The bar owner, tourists, police, the common people started bleeding, blood was flowing from their bodies into the swear lines. Francie, Eugene and Claire now visit Claire's house. Where Claire's mother was bleeding while sleeping. These three were away from Abhartech, hence they were not bleeding. Eugene now feels that Abharatech may be heading for that opening in his shed.That's the opening where he found the skull and many more bones. As it was connected to swear lines. He thinks that initially the blood is flowing, later bodies may flow too.Francie and Eugene now visit their old house. Francie also starts bleeding as soon as he arrives there. Meaning, Abhartach was nearby. But strengly Eugene was not bleeding. Francie observes an old portrait hanging there and says that his Eugene's mother was a descendant of Chahan. The town's chief who buried the original Abhartach. Francie concludes that Eugene might be having Chahan's blood, hence he was not bleeding. In this terrible situation Eugene and Francie come closer. Suddenly, Abhartech arrives at this and starts attacking them. Francie locks Eugene in a room and hits Abhartech with a rod. Abhartech attacks back, he breaks Francie's leg with an axe. Eugene excapes from his room, he repeatedly hits Abharatach and makes him unconscious. Next he runs away with Francie. They both ran away to the same underground shed where they found the skull. It was almost morning, according to Dracula's novel, the vampires burn in the day light. But nothing like that happens here. That thing was purely a friction. Francie and Eugenie were now trapped, they could not run anywhere. Francie asks Eugene to uproot to uproot his leg and use it to attack Abhartech. Eugene does not agree at first but finally does it. He beats the crap out of Abhartech with human legs and pores the stones on him. By burying under the stone, Abhartech finally dies. Eugene braces Francie's leg tightly and stops his bleeding. As soon as Abhartech dies, the rest of the people of the town come to their senses, most of them were unconscious due to bloodshed.The story now moves forward three months. Claire was now headed to Australia. Eugene tells her a good bye. Francie was now living with Eugenie, both of them had renovated the house together. Abhartech's grave was still in the underground shed in front of his house. So this was the story of the film Boys from Country Hell. This film is a horror film as well as a comedy film. The gore scenes of the film are quite good. The director has explored the local Irish folklore well. The film is full of human relations, like George and William. A perfect father-son relationship who loved each other very much. Whereas Eugenie and Francie were just the opposite. The film also focuses on the importance of friendship. I really liked this one. I hope you do too. If you are new to the channel, then please subscribe and like. Thanks for watching. Take care. 