welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we put you in the know when it comes to the Snow piercer. we're now at the halfway point of the series, and things are really heating up on board the train, as the harsh reality of the icy, cold world around them slowly starts to seep into the carriages. throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down everything you need to know about the latest entry, including our thoughts, theories and predictions for the future. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out episode 5 yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off. now, if you enjoy the video, then please consider subscribing, as we do snowpiercer breakdowns every week. and also drop a thumbs up, cuz I know, I know, you're a really nice person. now, though the way, thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into our breakdown of snowpiercer episode 5. ok. so, like most entries in the show, episode 5 has a cold opening that shows Layton in the draw. kronole is being used to sedate him. and as we've learned, throughout the season, this causes hallucinations and visions. Layton is clearly suffering from these, and he sees the tale as well as Nikki. J, we learn one of the darkest aspects of Legends past throughout the episode, and it's clear that he's haunted by what he's done in the night car. Audrey cries over a picture of Nikki, and throughout the episode, it becomes evident that she wants justice for a fallen friend. she's ordering 3rd to play their pot and it looks like they're slowly starting to rise up against first simmer to the tail. as we've said so far in our breakdowns, I think that the two sides might actually unite, and then they'll be able to completely overwhelm those higher up the Train. due to those and first heavily relying on the denser population down the carriages. the imbalance of wealth is also showcased in the imbalance of the population, and it definitely suggests that the next revolution will be led by both 3rd and the tail. after the title sequence, LJ is confined to a cell, and she subtly hints that a powerful parents will bring vengeance to the tale should she be found guilty. the episode rotates heavily around her trial, and rather the injustice that comes from it. because of what she knows. LJ is a murderer, but due to her position of power, it's over, and she is pardoned for a crimes, even after receiving a guilty verdict. I do believe that this would be the match that lights the flame, to spark of the writing that will bring the forces of first toppling down. and it's crazy just how much this show mirrors our world at the moment. I would say that when it was written, it was probably supposed to share a lot of similarities with the Rodney King trial. during that four officers that carried out the attack were acquitted, which sent LA spiraling into rights over the injustice of it. however, in light of recent events, it does feel like it still provides relevant social commentary, and it shows that people will rise up should they feel like the law disregards their oppression. Melanie asks Audrey to stop politicizing things. there's a real back-and-forth between each side, but overall, it amounts to very little, with Melanie still pretty much running things no matter what said. the outcome of LJ's innocence almost almost reminds me of that time that everyone said that one guy should resign, but he didn't because he probably has a lot of dirt on the prime minister, a bit like LJ and Melanie. but never mind. elsewhere in the episode, Bess is getting a new access chip from Jinju as part of their relationship. this must be the snowpiercer equivalent of a marriage visa, but I actually think it hints at what's to come. clearly, best is very sympathetic towards the plight of the tale. and it may even be here that grants them access to the higher ends of the vehicle when they carry out the revolt. she's sort of playing both sides throughout this episode. I think that she becomes the wild card on the train that will bring it all crashing down in the Folgers car. LJ doesn't seem to be taking things seriously, and she even sucks on our fathers false eye, which, what the hell? no one dishes messed up symbolically though, I think it shows her father is blind to what his daughter is truly capable of. we learned that it was LJ that caused this gross bodily harm to him. and still he was unable to see her for what she truly was. and mother actually seems to be aware of what she did. however, father Folger just acts like nothing's going on. he wishes to protect her no matter what. and you get the feeling that if she's found guilty, it's clear that things will go badly for Melanie, which puts her in a vulnerable position. in protest of the way that things are going, the night, send up a serving of cockroaches to first and they're completely aghast over it. whilst this is a terrible thing to feed someone, we actually know that the tail is often served this through the form of protein blocks. in the film, we learned that the meals were actually crushed insects. and seeing it here, to me, metaphorically, shows that the tail are willing to return, unto them, the same treatment that they've suffered with for years. the episode is very much laced with the feeling that there should be an eye for an eye. and whether you disagree with that statement or not, there's definitely a feeling. and things can't continue the way they are in the absence of light. and being a character in this episode, third very much sure that they can control everything, should they wish to. and Melanie really struggles with the balance of power in this entry. Audrey demands that a member of their be put under the tribunal, and Melanie sort of goes back and forth over whether this should happen to me. this shows that it's unfair that people who decide the laws are often the ones that aren't really affected by them. it's easy for first to agree to making the telly cockroaches, as it's something that they'll never experience. however, when it is brought to them, they act in horror, highlighting their hypocrisy. Melanie and Bennett get on, and it's clear that the two have an on and off relationship. they remember life before they trained, and how they miss things. and though it's not the level of the pandemic, it did kind of make me nostalgic. we look back on just how lucky we were to be able to go out and do things we wanted to. this time last year, life has changed a lot. and though it will hopefully go back to normal soon, I find that it's becoming a lot easier to relate to people trapped on a 1,001 calling train than I ever thought was possible. Melanie finally accepts the petition for a member of 30 to be part of the trial, which puts the Folgers in danger, as they no longer have a complete jury that's on their side. however, due to the pardon, this ultimately proves to be meaningless. and it reminds us of the illusion of power that were often given. mr. Fleming is called up top, and he gets to see some of the finer things in life. Ruth is angered by the paper makers appointment, and it seems like she's slowly starting to question her idea of Wilfred, as we know, Melanie has been masquerading as him. and I think his suspicions are slowly starting to mount. after this conversation earlier in the season, commander gray also twig that something was off with him. and due to his speech, I think that more and more, as you get into it, people are becoming aware of the truth. Jozy continues to sneak up the train on a break in order to find out what's actually happened to Layton, and she ends up visiting the janitor, and the truth about the character's captivity starts to circulate with the help of the janitor, she breaks into the prison car and frees him. and I'll talk about it later in the episode, but the ramifications of this are very important, and you have to be aware of them. the trial happens in the first-class car. and I know it wasn't intentional, but I did find this a bit funny. I mean, the trains men have a thousand and one cause, and we literally seem to be saying the same 7 over and over. I'm just playing guys, and I know you have a tight budget, but yeah, it would be nice to see another car once in a while. anyway, the evidence is very clear. and the smoking guns or other severed penises were all found in LJ's room, which only she has access to. so it becomes clear that she was the one in control and carrying out the crimes. Audrey cries out that justice must be done, but on a system that's his corrupted snowpiercer, it's difficult to truly deliver this when things are this unfair. when she's on the stand, LJ hints that she knows some of Wilfred secrets. and she pretty much says that if she's brought to justice, then these will all come out. LJ is found guilty on all counts. however, as we know, the system is only built one way, and there's a Bennett sends a pardon under the guise of Wilfred. in a panic, Melanie Spezza and Josie awakens Layton. he starts to convulse, and this is due to the chronal being unplugged from him too quickly. earlier in the episode, we learn that patients had to be taken off it slowly. and this may end up leading towards Layton being compromised mentally in the future entries. obviously, he hasn't been on it for that long, but still, at the psychedelic effects will likely carry over into other parts of the season. I think best discovers Josie and Layton in a draw and even turns on a co-worker in order to cover for them. she's seen the corruption firsthand, and once more, I think that things are being set up in a certain way in which she will aid the tale. Josie takes light into Zara while she recovers, and he likely hide out until he gets a grip on things. the episode culminates with alg a clearly thing that she'll be keeping things quiet as a thank-you for Wilfred, or rather, Melanie, but that she is a ticking time bomb that must be dealt with. who knows, the Folgers may even end up in the drawers themselves. but it's becoming clear that melanie is living on borrowed time. Bess goes to see if the other brakeman she was with is still lying in the draw room, but he's gone. and finally we get the truth about what Layton and the tale have had to do to survive. they ate a heart and pottering cannibalism. and to me, this eating of one another ties in with the phrase, eat the rich. this is something that's being paid lip-service to in the show. and though they're not feeding on a rich person here, it's clear that they're willing to eat the rich. is an abbreviation of a saying attributed is jean-jacques rousseau, which says, when the poor have nothing more to eat, they will eat the rich. clearly, the tailor willing to do anything. and this repressed memory coming back to Layton will likely drive him to rise up once more. I don't think they'll be eating those up the Train but clearly they will be going against them. and this episode is laced with motifs that hint towards a coming revolution. everything is slowly falling into place, and who knows, next time we might even get the uprising playing out. overall, this was another excellent entry, and so far I think the show has been phenomenal. now obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on the fifth episode and what your theories are. come on below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of the series so far and our discussion of Spike Lee's film, defy Bloods. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. if you want to come check this after the show in the follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. those are the best ways Cuba today with the channel. and hopefully you see over there very soon. you 