[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and thirteen reasons why has just dropped its third season on Netflix. the controversial show has had a lot of questions surrounding it since the beginning, and while season three answers some, it still leaves a lot unanswered. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the finale and giving my thoughts on the Bryce Walker Killer reveal. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch it yet and don't want to have anything ruined, then I highly suggest you turn off now. if you're still here, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into my breakdown of 13 reasons why season 3. the final episode of 13 reasons why ends with Annie disclosing during an interview with sheriff's tandel that implicates Monty as the killer of Bryce Walker, the character whose death pretty much became the main talking point of season 3. the highly hated teen died disgraced and with very few friends, which meant that since his death, everyone has been a suspect. whilst it looks like it will be Monty who takes the fall. we actually discovered that the killer was, in fact, Alex. it's highly implicated that this lie will unravel in season 4 as the characters in the show begin to realize that things don't really add up. it's a really shocking twist that showcases that 13 reasons why still has a lot of twists and turns going forward. and there's actually very little things in the season that are straight forward. towards the latter part of season 3, we begin to unravel why Bryce ended up where he did. and we learn that the character approached Jessica and told her that he needed to give her something special. this, of course, set off alarm bells, and he was obviously quite anxious about going to see him at the docks, which is where the two agreed to meet. from here we see Zack, in episode 12, confronting Bryce at the meeting point, which sent his mainly around Chloe's pregnancy. Zack beats him very badly, and we see firsthand that Bryce is still the same monster underneath that has apparently been put to bed. this is cemented by the fact that he blames Zack face breakup with Chloe, which pretty much confirms that he doesn't really feel any guilt over the things put her through, and is completely removed psychologically from the crimes that he committed. Brice is still a bad guy, and he refuses to accept any responsibility, that he was the one who did any wrongdoings. and this shows that he hasn't changed in the slightest. he even asks Zach if he and Chloe had sex, which showcases that he doesn't really see her as a person and only views her as an object. in response, zach breaks his leg and leaves him, which is when Jessica and Alex arrived to find the character, who he learned was wanting to give Jessica a confession tape in an attempt to be better. this epiphany is quickly quashed though, when Bryce states he's gone to runes axe live no matter what it costs. which makes Alex realize that he's still the same old person deep down. and he pushes him into the river to drown in what. I'm not gonna lie. was a pretty satisfying moment, don't cap me. and he places the blame squarely on Monty. but as we see in the season finale, this lie will definitely unravel and cause a lot more bad than good going forward. Winston has discovered that it wasn't Monty, at least, who killed Bryce. so this leaves a lot of possibilities for the future. Winston, of course, knew what Monty was going through and spent a lot of time with him, so will no doubt, probably want is truth to come out and be public knowledge going forward. this has a lot of repercussions to it, with a potentially causing a huge upset down the line that could massively impact the characters lives, including Annie, who is pretty much lied to the authorities. there's also the issue of the huge cover-up for Alex, which will incriminate many other people, including his father, who participated in destroying evidence in order to save his son. I think that 13 reasons why season four will definitely open a huge can of worms for all the characters. and that's without even discussing the discovery of the guns, which will definitely cause huge issues going forward. there's just so many aspects that will pretty much ruin all of the characters lives. and I think that season 4 has the potential to be an even bigger dramatic piece than its predecessors, obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts on 13 reasons why and what you hope to see down the line. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of this weekend's are the big release, already or not, which will be linked at the end. I cover everything you need to know about the movies, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know you wanna come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books. and you can follow me on twitter at definition whitey. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. I also just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of John wick 3 on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video and leave your thoughts on 13 reasons why in the comments section below. the winner will be chosen at random on September the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then. - if I get surprised, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 