[Music]. in the aftermath of Superman's death, intelligence officer Amanda Waller assembled Task Force X, a team of dangerous criminals imprisoned at Belle Reve prison, consisting of elite hitmen, Deadshot former psychiatrist Harley Quinn, pyrokinetic ex-gangster El Diablo, opportunistic thief, Captain Boomerang, genetic mutation Killer Croc and specialized assassin Slipknot. they are placed under command of Colonel Rick Flagg to be used as disposable assets in high-risk missions to the United States government. each member has a nano bomb implanted in their neck, designed to detonate should any member rebel or try to escape. one of Amanda Waller's intended recruits his Rick slags girlfriend, dr. June moon, an archaeologist possessed by a witch goddess known as The Enchantress. and Chandru's quickly turns on Waller, deciding to eradicate humankind with a mystical weapon for imprisoning her. Sheba sieges Midway City by transforming its populace into a horde of monsters and summons her brother, Incubus to his sister. Waller then deploys the squad to extract a high profile mark from Midway, which is reported to be under a terrorist attack. Hartley's homicidal lover. the Joker finds out about her predicament and tortures Belle Reve security officer Griggs into leading him to the facility where the nano bombs are made. there, he blackmails dr. van Criss into disabling Hartley's bomb. on approach, the squad's helicopter had shot down, forcing them to proceed on foot to their target. boomerang inaccurately convinces Slipknot that the bombs are a ruse to keep them in check. slipknot attempts to escape, and rick flagg killed him via his nano bomb. while the squad is attacked by Enchantress's minions, they eventually fight their way through to a safe room where they learned that their mark is Walla herself, who was attempting to cover up her involvement in Enchantress's siege. the squad escorts Amanda Waller to a rooftop for extraction. that the arriving helicopter has been hijacked by the Joker and his men, who opened fire on the squad, while Harley climbs the board upon dr. van Kris disarming the however, Wohlers men shoot down the helicopter and hardly falls out, while the Joker is presumed dead. after which Harley rejoins the squad, alerted to Wohlers whereabouts, and chanters his minions arrive and kidnap her, Deadshot, finds Wohlers confidential files and learns the truth about enchantress. Flagg is then forced to confess the truth, causing the squad members to abandon him. with Amanda Waller compromised. Rick's flag relieves the squad of submissions, but chooses to continue. realizing they have an opportunity to prove themselves, they soon rejoin him and locate enchantress at a partially flooded subway station. Killer Croc and a group of Navy SEALs, led by lieutenant GQ. Edwards, still underwater to plant a bomb underneath Incubus. El Diablo embraces his abilities and distracts Incubus long enough for the bomb to detonate underneath, killing them both as well as Edwards. the remaining squad members battle enchantress together, but are ultimately defeated, enchantress offers to fulfill their deepest desires in exchange for their allegiance. and Harley feigned interest in order to get close enough to cut out and change his heart. Killer. Croc then throws explosives into Enchantress's weapon and Deadshot shoots them, destroying the device. Flagg takes Enchantress's heart and crushes it, finally freeing Jun from the curse. Amanda Waller, still alive, emerges and the squad members are returned to Belle Reve with ten years off their sentences, all about Captain Boomerang, are allowed special privileges. the Joker, alive and unscathed, breaks into the penitentiary and rescues Harley. in a mid credit scene, Amanda Waller meets with Bruce Wayne, who agrees to protect her from the backlash against her role and Enchantress's rampage, in exchange for access to the government's filed on the expanding metahuman community. you 