welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead world beyond, episodes nine and ten, the two part season one finale. we begin with the conversation between civic republic lieutenant colonel kublic and huck, who we found out is a spy. more than that, the watch elizabeth gave her is dad's. last recap, i said they were sisters, but clearly it's mom and daughter. we still really don't get much info here, except that one of the sisters is the asset who they're trying to bring to the civic republic. for reasons it's important that they bring her alone. remember, the civic republic is all about security. no one can know where they are. so that night, when huck is driving, oh, she runs over the thing to crash the truck. as they're walking back to shelter, they run into some zombies, and these have barbed wire tied to them, whoa. the sisters, as usual, struggle to take out even one, while huck can take out multiple with one shot. they all make it out okay, except felix, who got cut by some of the barbed wire on his ankle. the gang find shelter in this house, looking for something to patch up the tire with. huck looks in a room, but immediately closes the door, like, yo, don't go in there a bunch of dead bodies. meanwhile, felix reminisces about his boyfriend, will, who we've heard about but haven't seen yet. and he's a hottie. remember, will went with the girl's dad on a security detail to the civic public, while felix was left behind to watch over them. anyway, they don't find tire fixing supplies, and they're going to try to go it on foot. but felix's ankle has hurt worse than he realized. the big dilemma is they're on a time crunch to save their dad. they can't wait around for felix's ankle to heal. iris refuses to leave felix behind. so that night, hope goes to huck like, hey, let's just sneak out in the night, go it alone. this is exactly what huck planned for. in fact, it was her who got felix's ankle. yes. turns out hope is the sister that's the asset. and now they're finally alone. but earlier, iris came to hope with her suspicions about huck for no good reason. she just felt like she couldn't trust her. so hope started analyzing the civic republic coded transmissions they found, and it threw the most complicated cipher ever, of like finding the locations on a map and spelling words out of it. she found out that huck is a civic republic spy. so in part two, hope pulls a gun on huck, like, hey, the jig's up. pretty soon, some zombies show up, so hope has to drop the gun and work together to fight him. back at the campus colony, huck had been training hope and zombie killing. and for the first time, she remembers her lessons. she actually does. okay, so now huck tries to explain, yes, i'm a civic republican spy, but we're the good guys here. the civic republic is building civilization, a future for mankind. in fact, huck reveals her father's fine. the message they sent that he was in danger was, huck, yes, this whole adventure was supposed to be a lot easier. hope was going to see the message be like, irish. we got to go rescue him. and iris was going to say, no, that's crazy. so then hope would have come to huck, huck would have been like, yeah, let's go. bing, bang, boom. they're off. instead, iris was randomly feeling adventurous, and silas and elton wanted to come too. so it's been a whole mess. but what makes hope so special anyway? well, apparently she's like a genius level smart yes. in fact, we check in with her father at the civic republic, and he's having a great time. turns out he's dating the other scientists we've seen in some of the end credit scenes. he reminisces to her about however, since hope was a little girl, she was just like super smart and stuff. now we haven't really seen genius level intellect out of her, except in episode one, she did brew a bunch of moonshine, so i guess that counts. it was their dad scientist girlfriend who told their superiors about hope's supposedly genius intellect. she seems to be a true believer in the civic republic, but their dad's having his doubts. apparently there's a civilian government that's separate from the crm, the civic republic military. he thinks they're hiding something, because will went out on a security mission and hasn't come back yet. but in any case, the civic republic isn't messing around. if the rest of the group finds them, they will kill them. so the best way to protect her friends is for hope to cooperate and go with huck. meanwhile, elton has left the group to go find his best friend, silas. he's still in all emo because he just learned that his mom killed hope and irish's mom with the outbreak of the zombie apocalypse, and then hope killed her. he starts tearing up his manuscript in a fit of rage, but then feels bad and clucks the pages. anyway, he soon finds not silas, but percy, who we didn't know what it happened to. he's grievously injured, and elton has an imaginary conversation with him while he's trying to patch him up. he soon realizes though, that his wounds aren't from silas's wrench. he was shot. mystery. when some zombies show up, imaginary percy's like, hey, man, you just gotta leave me. but elton refuses to do that. he's gonna fight. and it's not that impressive, but he does manage to take out some zombies. meanwhile, silas is enjoying his solo time and the zombie apocalypse, having a nice little squirrel barbecue. pretty soon though, elton tracks him down with percy in a wheelbarrow. it's like, hey, congrats, man. you didn't go blackout, drunk, crazy and kill two people. percy's alive, and it wasn't even you he was shot. and when percy finally woke up, he revealed it was huck. they've got to go warn the group. huck's a traitor. but just then some crm troops come in. oh, they gotta hide. they're sneaking through the fence, but percy's bleeding everywhere. they're gonna follow the trail. so silas sends them on ahead, cuts himself, like, hey, i'll turn myself in and you guys can escape. back at the house, iris reveals her suspicions about huck 2 felix, and it's like, hey, there's the one room that only she checked. and indeed, inside is perfect ankle fixing medicine and tire fixing stuff. convenient. so felix and iris now know hux a traitor. they patch up the wheel, and he teaches her how to drive stick. then they're off to chase him down. they soon catch up to him and hugs planet cool. but felix knows she's lying, so they have a big old fight. knocked over the lantern, so there's fire everywhere, and whoa, these guys going out at sticks. in the end, it is huck who has the upper hand. she's like, sorry, man, i didn't want to have to do this. but then, bam, a shot rings out. hope got the gun, but she didn't shoot tuck. she points it at herself. it's like, yeah, i guess i'm a super genius or something. so you can't let me die. let felix and iris go. so they say their goodbyes. hopes like, sorry, sis. they'll never stop coming after me. this is for the best. what's unclear about this whole situation is why they didn't just invite hope to go over there and work with their dad. it seems like that would have been easier. but maybe there's more to the story. and so huck and hope make it to the crm helicopter rendezvous. it's like, hey, good job, daughter, you did it. hope you're gonna have a great time with us. but she's like, yo, you left a lot of loose ends, though we already picked up silas and we're hunting down the other kids. huck's like, yo, they're not a threat. just let them go back to the campus colony. and it's like, oof. chuck doesn't know yet that the campus colony was massacred, but for now her mom brushes that aside, like, we'll talk about it next season. so now elton and percy are on their own, hoping to meet up with the rest of the crew. elton's feeling optimistic again. he's like, i know we'll succeed. i no longer believe we're the end of the species. i think we're the beginning. iris is feeling real optimistic too, like, hey, we're going to take down the crm. i just know it turns out it's not fully blind optimism. she had a secret conversation with her sister. hope is like, yosis. they think i'm the asset, cause i'm some super genius. but what they don't realize is that you are always right there with me. together we're an unstoppable force and i'm gonna play nice for now, but the civic republic is evil. we're gonna take them down. but now, in the woods, someone's coming. who is this? it is felix's boyfriend, will. they embrace, finally reunited. it's like, wow. i thought you guys were killed. it's like, wait, what? so these two are about to learn about the campus massacre too. for now, it seems like will's hanging out with a big crew. i can only assume these are civic republic defectors that are forming some sort of robin hood rebellion. so next season, our crew of plucky teenagers are going to take down the dystopian civic republic. and that's how the walking dead world beyond season one comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you'd love this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 