welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're going to keep things simple, prequel style, with tremors 4. the legend begins, if your ancestry is easily traced due to your family members carrying an exact resemblance to you, subscribe to the channel for an evaluation of your family branch. let's get to it. we open in rejection, nevada in 1889, and find the dusty, sweltering hellhole we've come to know was once a bustling, dusty, sweltering hellhole of a mining town. we learned quickly how it went tits up when juan, chit-chatting with his co-workers, soon finds himself utterly alone, with nothing to comfort him but the foul stench that accompanies the graboids. with the mind deemed unsafe, most of the workers and townsfolk abandoned their property to seek their fortune elsewhere. as those who remain fret about their financial future, a telegram comes in indicating the mind's owner, hiram gummer, plans on visiting to see about this sudden drop in productivity. the stagecoach soon arrives, and they gather around to gawk at his opulence, finding their upper class master to be just eccentric enough to provide for a dramatic reveal. when he gets the report, he's surprised to find the mind completely abandoned. and he insists on conferring with juan padilla, the one living witness, to find out what up. before that, he settles into christine's hotel, where we get some clues about where the gummers developed their pension for redheads and firearms. he then gets the lowdown from juan. many men have entered, no men leave, but he didn't actually see how any of the deaths happened. hiram has no patience for this, so he insists on a direct and personal investigation. the next day, they visit the mine with some hired help. inside they find some human remnants and juan's old hat, which is now adorned with a free meat flap, but no indication of any current danger. because of this, gummer proudly declares the site safe for other people to work at. but that night, around the campfire, zoggy disappears, violently sending his squeeze box through the air. brick goes to look for him and ends up showering the camp in viscera. juan and hiram jump up on a nearby rock and witness the culprits to be massive bugs that vibrate and spring forth from the underground, just like your mom. they quickly realize that sound is the culprit and endeavor to walk back to town via the rocky foothills. they make it back, and hiram insists on sending out a request for a hired gun to help them with their problem. over the course of the intervening month, we learned that his father invested the entire estate into the silver mine. so despite appearances, gummer is broke, save for the mine. and then one night, a storm rolls in, bringing their gunfighter with it. he demonstrates his skill on an innocent salami, and they're all impressed, even though salamis don't shoot back. as they go out hunting, they find evidence of aged, desiccated eggs incubated by a nearby hot spring waste pipe, as well as indication the beasts have been shedding their scales and taking on a new horrific form, just like your mom. and they eventually arrive at their first evidence of the danger these things pose, as they find old fred's wagon hewn along with old fred's head, which they bury in a shallow grave. they decide to camp out at the old mill, presuming the strong floor beams to be sufficient protection. but rather than coming through the floors, we see some familiar friends exploring the slumber party horizontally. and as hiram starts picking up some tools of the gun trade, the graboids solved the problem of getting at their dinner by systematically removing the floor joists. they send out a gibberish message in the hope their friends will locate them, and sure enough, foo yin is able to determine that the signal is originating from the old mill. juan then gets a free mustache ride from a giant graboid, giving them the first indication of what they're dealing with. given this, kelly recommends they just stand their ground and hope for a lucky shot. but when the time comes, he just gets eaten. luckily, christine arrives just in time, and despite being aggressively pursued, they managed to get back to town, where the foothills keep them protected for now. at this point, gummer abandons the town and recommends they leave as well. they decline sending him off on his own. when he eventually books his train ride back to the east coast, he's disturbed to find the telegraph operator chuckling about the strange messages coming out of rejection, about giant worms penetrating the foothills and whatnot. we see this new development is enough to prompt the holdouts to pack up their stuff. but they see a trail of dust heading up from the south. soon mr gummer comes into view like a southern santa claus, handing out large-bore firearms and encouraging everyone to stand their ground. the next day, they prepare their fortifications in line weight. eventually they get a little play on the alarms. so hyrum gets set up and puts a pound of lead shots straight through this graboid's gullet and out the back of his head. but since they're smart, the next one grabs the gun and sucks it underground. then dakopa does some quick thinking and sticks a two-man saw into a post hole and starts wanging on it, causing the graboid to go full speed and split itself in half, which is pretty cool. they have a whisper conference about what to do about the final one. but before they're ready, the telegraph machine starts going off. they try to distract it, resulting in christine getting [ __ ] slapped by a snake, while hiram hooks it up to a belt attached to their locomotive, which slams it hard enough to pop it open, spewing out its insides. now they can reopen the mine, but swear themselves to secrecy to ensure the town's prosperity into the future. and they spend their newfound wealth and leisure time engaged in hobbies of extravagance. just a reminder that i've started a website where you can make donations to support the channel. any donation gets you access to a 10-minute review of toby hooper's life force. and i also have merchandise available. i tried to put together a few things that might be attractive to any fan of horror, rather than just strictly logo merch so check it out. also, i wanted to give a huge thank you to e wayne [Music] for your generous donation. tremors 4 was a satisfying return to form for the series, with the return of practical effects and a heavy focus on our big, stinky friends. honestly, you don't need more than that. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 