welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead world beyond episode six. last episode ended on a cliffhanger as this mystery teenage guy stumbled into our group. after establishing he's not a threat, our gang invites him in to eat some beans. his name is percy, and he's a real cool dude. his story is he was traveling with some dudes until a few days ago, they jacked all his stuff, including his functional truck with gas reserves. iris is like, hey, let's make a deal. we help you get your truck back, you drive us to new york to rescue our dad. felix points out the flaw in their plan. if they find these guys who took his truck, they're gonna have to kill him. are you guys prepared for that? but these dumb teenagers completely brushed that off, like, hey, we'll figure something out. so they're off on a side quest. iris is really interested in percy's life, how he's been roughing it in the zombie apocalypse. silas does not like percy, though. he has a burgeoning romance with iris going. plus, before percy came along, silas was improbably the coolest guy in the group speaking of super nerd elton hope is torturing herself talking to him about his mom. she doesn't tell him that she shot his mom yet. she just wants to learn about what she was like, and agrees to help him finish his mom's manuscript. it's apparently about, like, science. it's really unclear. anyway, they get to the town where the guys were headed, and there's his truck. oh, it's a big one. there's no sign of the guys around, though. in fact, one of them's in the truck. oh, he's been shot. yeah, i guess they had a fight. they need to find the keys, though. so they all split up to track down the other guy. iris and percy find the guy's stuff upstairs, including the keys. all right, we're good to go. but in another room, percy sees the rest of his stuff. he's like, here, you take the keys. get the truck started. i'm gonna grab it real quick. but as she's leaving, sounds like he got caught. and, oh, a gunshot. irish bravely runs back to save her new friend. but wait, there's no one here. and wait, the guy who was shot gets back up, but he's not a zombie. he's stealing their stuff. yeah, percy lied to him. this whole thing was a con. iris tries to chase percy, but she's not the most athletic and falls into the dumpster. so he gets away in the truck with all of their supplies. zombiepocalypse lesson learned. there's some zombies in the dumpster. they just get everywhere, don't they? per usual. iris completely fails to fight them off. it's up to felix to save her again. but wait, who's this that saved her? it's percy. yeah, he came back. it's like, yeah, sorry. we were gonna con you guys, but actually you seem real nice. like, i felt bad. this guy's my uncle tony, who was a magician, which somehow makes him the most interesting character on this show. iris and percy have a heart to heart. she's real mad at him for betraying her trust, but he's like, yo, i didn't in the end though, he's like, look, i've run this con many times before, and people always take the keys and run. you came back for me though. it made me feel bad, so i came back for you. so felix goes for an adult chat with uncle tony. it's like, hey, my nephew agreed to give you guys a ride. we'll do it, but first, tell me about that three ring circle on your jacket, cause it's the same one on this truck. yeah, they found it a while back. the driver crashed, so they took it. he's seen that logo on the helicopters before and on the real civic republic guys. super scary, all in black. it's like, yeah, in the truck was the map to their fuel depot. we've been able to sneak in there before, but i assume if they catch us, they'll kill us. are you guys with them? if we get [ __ ], can you talk our way out of it? and felix is like, yeah, for show. remember, the whole campus colony thought they were part of the triple alliance between portland, omaha and the civic republic, when in reality, it's almost certainly just the civic republic's logo. they probably tell a bunch of colonies they're in a triple alliance. and felix has no idea yet that the civic republic turned on them and destroyed the whole campus colony. but for now they think it's all good. so that night, uncle tony and percy put on a shadow puppet show. but then, after the credits, were back at the civic republic with the same scientist we saw before. she's slacking off at work. in fact, she's looking at the card the girls sent their dad. she gets called from her boss, says it'll be taken care of by the time they arrive, and dr bennett, in a security detail, won't be a problem. are they expecting the girls to come? that would make sense why the lieutenant colonel gave them the map, but why to what end? and where is their dad? find out later on. the world beyond. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 