spider-man, far from home, is hitting theaters worldwide. so here's a quick refresher on everything you need to know to be prepared for the newest Marvel film in three minutes or less. we'll start all the way back in Captain America Civil War, where Tony Stark recruits the already spider bitten Peter Parker to join Team Iron Man. in return, Tony gifts young Peter state-of-the-art Stark Industries designed spider-man equipment. in spider-man homecoming, we find Peter still on a high from his Avengers experience. Tony, recognizing Peter is still just a kid, says he should focus on high school and leave the super heroics to the adults. this superhero, teenager balance is 1. Peter constantly struggles with as he disobeys Tony to continue crime-fighting. eventually, this puts him at odds with Adrian Toomes, aka the vulture. vulture and his gang used to tari technology from the Battle of New York in the original Avengers to build super weapons to sell to shady buyers. vultures team includes familiar comic villains like shocker and the tinkerer, and some of their weapons buyers include scorpion and the Prowler, aka Miles Morales, is uncle Aaron. as Peter continues to try to take down Adrian, Tony Stark eventually steps in and takes back the spider-man suit in an effort to protect Peter from continuing a reckless pursuit. so Peter goes back to his high school life and asked his crush, Liz, to the homecoming dance. on the way there, it is revealed that her father is none other than Adrian. Toomes. the two quickly deduced the others alter egos. and despite Adrian's threats and Tony's multiple prior warnings, Peter continues his efforts to thwart the vulture. this all culminates in a battle near Coney Island between vulture and Peter. wearing a makeshift Spider Man suit, Peter ultimately defeats Adrian and spares his life, resulting in Adrian's arrest. Peter goes back to school, and it's revealed that one of his classmates, Michelle, likes to go by MJ. do you get it? in a post-credits scene set in prison, scorpion wants info from vulture on spider-man's real identity, but Adrian denies knowing it. as for Peter, his story continues in event infinity war. and endgame. an infinity war, he accompanies Tony into space in an attempt to defeat Thanos, but is killed, along with half of the universe's population, by Thanos infamous snap. luckily, the surviving Avengers reverse the snap, bringing all of their lost friends, including Peter, back to life. but what did it cost Tony Stark's life? so last we saw Peter, he was mourning the loss of father figure Tony. as he returns to his normal teenage life once again. and that just about covers it. let us know what you think is gonna happen in spider-man, far from home in the comments below. what are you most looking forward to? make sure to like this video, subscribe for more, and I'll see you in the next one. 