[Music], oh. [Music]. welcome to story flicks. in this video, we will explain a thriller film about a group of teenagers trapped in a forest. the wrong turn itself is a remake of a movie with the same title in several series. let's follow the storyline, wrong turn. the wrong turn begins when a man with bleached hair named scott comes to a deserted virginia town. scott arrives at a police station. he is looking for his daughter, jen, who has been missing for six weeks. scott was sure jen had last called him from this town. the police didn't seem to care much about the case, so scott decided to look for jen at the hotel she was staying at. but the hotel owner believes jen and her friends have left the hotel and have moved to another city. scott didn't stay still. he then went to a pub and tried to inquire about jen's whereabouts. an old man named nate claims to see jen and her friends, but he doesn't know where they are. nate even advised scott to stop looking for gem because he thought he would never find his daughter. scott believes his daughter is somewhere and he must find her soon. this story is pulled back six weeks earlier. at that time, jen was in a car with her friends. there is her boyfriend darius, who is driving. sitting in the middle seat, there was mila and her boyfriend adam, while in the back there is a couple of luis and gary. the six of them deliberately took the time to climb the mountain in the city of virginia. but on the way, suddenly their car tire burst. that's when jen showed her ability to change car tires. while they were busy changing the car's tires, they didn't realize from behind the bushes, a pair of eyes were watching them. after arriving at the hotel and checking in, the hotel owner said they had to be careful to hike the mountain. they have to follow a predetermined path and don't get off track, because sometimes the forest can be terrifying. in the evening, jen and her friends spend time at the club. they seem to be having fun, until nate arrives and offers to guide them up the mountain. adam immediately refused. but nate didn't seem so happy that adam was mocking him behind his back, that they almost got into a fight. that's when jen stepped forward and said that they weren't the snotty kids nated said they were. darius himself works in a non-profit company, while she holds two master's degrees at once. mila is a doctor, and adam works for a software development company. luis and gary own a restaurant in new york. jen says that nate's eyes look yellow, and mila confirms that he has a liver problem and advises him to seek medical attention immediately. hearing those words, nate was silent and backed away. finally, the gang continues to have fun without them knowing something wrong awaits them in front of their eyes. on their way home, jen and her friends saw someone standing next to their car. an angry adam tries to shoe the man away, until he throws his drink bottle. suddenly, the man disappeared into the darkness of the night. at the hotel, jen informs her father that she is still with her friends. it was the call that brought her father to the city. the next day, jen went on a morning run before hiking. on the way, she met a woman who was selling bracelets her name is edith. behind her was a girl who seemed to be shy. edith said the girl's name was ruthie. after buying a bracelet, jen continued her morning run. finally, the gang was ready to go hiking. while chatting, they began to enter the appalachian hiking trail. the forest is vast, and their young souls are running wild. they enjoyed the atmosphere so much that darius finally suggested another idea. darius says, if they can see a wartime relic fort. even though jen had warned that the female hotel owner had banned the brand from getting out of line, darius insisted, until finally the group decided to follow darius's advice. for hours, they explored the forest until mila almost fell on a cliff. the group had not yet found the fort that darius was referring to. finally, they face a reality that is so terrible. suddenly, a huge log rolled from the top of the cliff and rushed towards them. they were so scared, jen and her friends immediately ran to save themselves. all of them tumbled among the dry leaves and tree branches. luckily, everyone survived, except for gary the log rolled right into his face and crushed him. jen woke up covered in wounds, as did all of her friends. they were in shock when they saw gary's shattered face. there was no signal in the forest, so they couldn't call for help. so the only way is for them to get out of the woods and ask the police for help. started leading the group looking for a way out. but luis is so angry that he lost his boyfriend. moreover, it was darius's idea that took them off track. during that debate, they realized that they were now lost. while trying to think of a way out, jen could see a shadow from behind a tree. it was as if someone was following them. so is the rolling log a deliberate act? night fell and it started to rain. they were utterly lost and could not find their way home. they had to wait until morning came. this means they have to camp in the middle of the forest. while sleeping, jen wakes up, and from behind the flash of lightning, she could see there were shadows of people. someone was following them all along. morning is approaching. they woke up to a sunny day, but they couldn't find mila anywhere. mila seemed to have disappeared into the earth. that's when adam stepped on something. turns out it was a tombstone. so they spent the night in the middle of the cemetery. darius also found a sign carved into the rock. there was written an organization that had even been built hundreds of years ago. but in the end, they ignored the sign. luis comes and says, his phone is missing. when searched, their cell phones all suddenly disappeared, as if someone took it. jen also told that last night she saw someone's shadow. maybe that person stole all their phones. realizing all that, adam began to panic and was sure that mila must have been kidnapped. he immediately ran to find mila by going deeper into the forest. in the middle of the search, jen encounters the girl she saw in town, ruthie. but adam didn't care and tried to chase after ruthie to tell him where mila was. while running after ruthie, adam fell. that's when jen instructed ruthie to run away immediately. they had no idea that adam's leg was actually caught in a chain. the chain turned out to be a trap that immediately pulled adam's body into a hole. adam disappeared from sight. jen darius and luis believe that adam must have been kidnapped, just like mila. they couldn't get into the hole because a poisonous snake was there, so they decided to find another way. in the middle of the search, jen darius and luis came to a hud in the middle of the forest. inside the cabin there is much equipment, ranging from bags, glasses, cell phones and so on. it was as if the objects belonged to the disappeared hikers. that's when they saw adam being carried by two men wearing animal skull masks. they immediately ran and asked the two men to release adam. but strangely, the two men could not speak english and began to speak in another language. no one noticed. adam suddenly managed to untie his bonds and immediately hit one of the masked men, crushing his head. the other man managed to escape. adam was absolutely sure that the two men were trying to kidnap him. mila must have been killed. then suddenly, mila appeared with a confused face. it turned out that she had been hiding in the bushes all this time. now adam had killed the man, and they decided to immediately leave that location. the group immediately left, trying to find a way out as quickly as possible from a forest. halfway through, darius stepped on another trap that directly hit his chest. luckily, he didn't get seriously injured. now they realize that the forest is full of dangerous traps. while walking through the woods, luis, who was walking behind, suddenly disappeared. it turned out that people with animal skull masks began to appear, and their numbers were increasing. adam and mila immediately ran away, followed by jen and darius. but unfortunately, mila actually fell into another trap. her body was now covered with stabbing spears. adam couldn't do anything and immediately ran away, leaving meal alone. adam kept running, trying to save his life, but he tripped over a rope trap and rolled over and almost fainted. that's when a pair of hands appeared and immediately covered his face with a burlap sack. he was brought on the other side of the forest. jen and darius are still trying to escape. now they are trying to hide among the giant rocks. before they knew it, the beast skull masked men had surrounded them in fear. darius has suddenly pulled away. jen couldn't do anything about it, until the man in the skull mask appeared and hit her on the head. jen wakes up in a dry puddle with her hands tied. as she screamed for help, the well door opened and edith appeared. jen was so relieved that she had met edith before, but edith didn't seem there to help her. when she was taken out of the dry well, it turned out that darius, adam and luis were all there with their hands tied, with their heads covered in burlap. they were led into a village with many people wearing skull masks. faintly, jen could see ruthie among the citizens. jen and her friends are put in a basement. then appeared several people wearing robes and animal masks. behind the mask was ram skull, the leader of the society. he will also preside over the trial. at first, jen was confused by the trial in question, it was revealed that they knew that a member of their organization had been murdered. one guy started telling that he'd been watching jen and her friends ever since their tire burst. it turned out that he was the man adam had pelted with a water bottle while watching their car parked in the pub. but the most damning testimony was from morgan. morgan says that he and his brother, samuel, are checking the animal traps they have placed in the forest. they did not think if they caught adam. but on the way, jen and her friends stopped them, and adam killed samuel. now jen and her friends are proven to have killed the member of their society. ruthie was also there and watched as adam beat samuel in the head, killing him. jen and her friends are clearly caught up in big trouble. now they have to pay for what adam did. finally, adam was bound and placed on a rock. since he had beaten samuel to death, adam had to go through the same thing in front of jen. darius and luis ramskull started hitting adam in the face to finish him off. meanwhile, jen, darius and luis must receive another punishment. they will be put into a very dark cave with no light at all. but before that, their eyes and tongues will be ravaged, so they will not be able to see or speak in the cave. obviously, it was a very terrible punishment. and luis was forced to be blinded and made mute before he was put into the cave. now it's jen and darius's turn. but jen immediately bids. she tried to think fast and come up with ideas. she begged them to be released from that terrible cave. in exchange, darius would be able to serve the organization because he had excellent skills, while jen can only provide herself to be a wife. according to her, she does not suffer from any disease and is healthy. she can give birth to many healthy children too. who would have thought? jen's offer was accepted. darius is now appointed as one of the soldiers, while jen is taken to beeram skull's wife. he had to be willing to serve the man. story back to scott, who is still not discouraged looking for jen's whereabouts. while having dinner at a pub, the hotel owner suddenly came to scott and said that there was a terrible secret group in the forest. in 1859, a group of people went into the woods to escape the war. they choose their own way of life. whoever enters the forest will not survive. the woman reminds scott that he'd better give up because he won't be able to find his daughter. while walking back to the hotel, scott is suddenly attacked by nade and his friends. even though there was a police car passing by, the police did not pay any attention to it. what's really going on with everyone in the town? the next day, scott still insists on finding jen until finally the woman who owned the hotel offered to help him. she then takes scott to meet her nephew, ed, by paying some money. ed and hob finally agree to take scott into the woods. but just entering the forest, hobb was caught in a trap. because of their carelessness, ed and hob had to accept the fact that their lives were lost. now scott must explore the forest alone. night came. after hours of exploring the woods, scott finally arrived at the secret organization. in the darkness, scott was immediately hit by two guards. he was then dragged behind the fence. when he regained consciousness, scott was so shocked when he realized that one of the men who caught him was darius. villagers began to arrive. scott tried to threaten them with his gun, until finally an arrow shot and hit his arm. it turned out that the one who shot him was jen, his own daughter. jen stared at him blankly. ram skull appears and says, there is no trial for him, then tomorrow scott will be executed. jen and ram skull walked away. scott tries to free himself from the dry well where he is being held in the middle of the night. suddenly, the well door opened and jen appeared there. jen immediately took her father out and said that they had to run away as soon as possible. it turns out that jen's goal was to shoot her father's arm so he wouldn't be executed right away. she also didn't want to hurt her father. the two fled while looking for darius's whereabouts. but it turns out darius refuses to run away with jen. after saying goodbye, jen sped away with her father. when the two arrived at the gate, unfortunately, the door was locked, even though it was usually left open. that's when ruthie appeared in the darkness. jen also asks ruthie to help her escape. and it's clear ruthie knows the secret way, because she often goes out into the woods alone. ruthie led jen and scott into a cave until she pointed to a door. therein lies the exit for jen. jen initially asked ruthie to come along, but ruthie was too scared and refused. suddenly, a man came in dragging a woman who had been blinded and had her tongue cut off. without thinking, jen shot the man. now they knew they had to flee immediately, now or never. carrying a torch, jen immediately led her father into a very dark cave. it turns out that the cave is where this organization put all the people they kidnapped. inside countless men and women were blinded and made mute. they are just groping for food. it's a terrible place. on the way, jen finally met luis with a very terrible condition. his eyes were blind, and he just slumped in the corner. out of pity for luis's condition, jen shot and killed him. now, she and her father fled quickly. the end of the cave is the other side of the forest. but in front of them there is only a chasm. suddenly, from the darkness, edith appeared and tried to attack jen. the two of them struggled until they fell down the abyss. edith died. jen keeps trying to escape while looking for her father in the dark. suddenly, a man appeared and attacked her. this time, jen had run out of patience. using a small knife, she slaughtered the man by stabbing him multiple times. now she doesn't let anyone hurt her. jen is reunited with her father, and the two immediately flee further into the forest. while running, they are blocked by nate and his friends. at first, jen tried hard against nate, who was carrying a gun. but that's when jen realized that nate wasn't there to hurt her. they came to help them. nate also explained that thanks to jen, he finally realized the pain of heart failure. besides, he purposely hit scott the other day to get scott out of the town. the goal is to save scott. now, nate and his friends have come to fight the psychopathic organizations. but their terror was not over. members of the organization are still popping up. jen and her father immediately fled to the car ram skull suddenly appeared as if he didn't want jen to leave him. nate decided to throw a molotov cocktail, and they stepped on the gas and drove away from the evil forest. a few months later, jen and her father had returned to their hometown. jen, who visited her father, asked him to come home soon because they would have dinner together. jen went home first. arriving at the house, jen did not expect what she found. her stepmother and her two stepbrothers sit at the dinner table with a man claiming to be their new neighbor. and those men were none other than ram skull and ruthie. it turns out that ram skull will not let jen go easily, especially since jen is currently pregnant with his baby. jen tried to think of a way to get rid of the ram skull, until she finally took the knife she had kept and tried to kill him. but ram skull is not a weak man. so easily, he killed jen's mother and two half siblings. even though jen was finally able to kill ram's skull. but wait, it turns out it was all just jen's imagination. she wasn't that brave. not wanting to lose her loved ones, jen finally agreed to ram skull's invitation to return to the forest. she then got into a van and rove away. so maybe we thought the gen would actually go live in the middle of the woods with that group of psychopaths again. right? turns out the van suddenly swerved, the door opened and jen came out, slashing at the people there, including ramskull, who tried to escape, but was also killed by jen. ruthie quickly followed jen, and both of them managed to survive from a depraved organization in the middle of the forest. you 