[Music]. so I woke up this morning to see that Ben Affleck has officially announced that he is departing his role as The Dark Knight. of course, if you've been keeping up to date with DC movie news on the past couple of years, you'll know that he's pretty much been the Schrodinger's cat, or should I say, Schrodinger's bat, of the comics world. with they're constantly being speculation as to whether he's in or out. however, on Twitter today, affleck gracefully announced that he was stepping down from the role by confirming a news article from Deadline Hollywood. in case you can't read in the tweet, Affleck says, excited for the Batman in summer 2021 and to see Matt Reeves vision come to life. now this doesn't really come as a big surprise, however, it is pretty disappointing. Affleck was someone that got slammed upon casting by the internet, including me. but one round a lot of people dude his portrayal in Batman V Superman, in which I think was by far the best part of that film. he managed to carry the menace, fear-driven crime fighter that, to me, is at least the most comic-book accurate version that we've had in a live action film. it's pretty clear that Affleck wasn't too happy with the direction either. you only have to Google sad Affleck to see thousands of memes from the press tour of BBS and know that he wasn't exactly ecstatic with the reception on the film. here was a guy who was really going through a second Renaissance in his career and winning Oscars, but had to put this on hold due to the role, also due to Warner Brothers not really having a clear direction for the character, constant reshoots and negative press around whether he was going to continue playing the role after Justice League. I think it just became a bit too much. we've heard for years that Matt Reeves has wanted to focus on a younger Batman for a standalone film. and a film focused solely on the character has been bounced around pretty much since 2013, when the actor was first cast. that's a lot of time to be in limbo over things. and Affleck poured his heart and soul into working on the script for the film with Reeves and Geoff Johns, and then to have it constantly push back, it just must be frustrating. obviously, this is disappointing for fans who love this betrayal. but hopefully this will mean that Warner Brothers fire just get their head down and sort out all the problems with this. in a magic universe, I really want the DCU to get back on track, as the boys preferred their comics over Marvel, and maybe his departure is for the greater good, even if it is pretty sad. I would, of course, love to hear your thoughts on the news. and if you think that this is a positive or negative thing, make sure you leave them in the comments below. and if you like this video, then please give it a thumbs up and check out my breakdown of the other big DC property news this week, birds of prey, which would be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 