welcome to the man of recaps. this is the walking dead, season 10, episode 22. we start off with maggie on a pleasant morning walk with her son, herschel a pleasant walk which is ruined because the guy who bashed his father's head in with a baseball bat is standing right over there. now, carol sees trouble brewing here, so she takes negan out for a walk. in fact, she takes him to the cabin she and daryl found in the other episode. she's like, well, negan, bad news, uh, we had a vote and you're banished, so you can live here now. but negan's like, yo. did the council actually vote to banish me? or is this just you, carol, making the decision? so that night, it's a time for introspection, as negan gets a visit from his past self here to taunt him. this makes negan think about his iconic baseball bat, lucille. remember, no one picked it up after the battle. apparently they just left it there where he dropped it. so with not much else to do, negan goes back to the site of that final battle and just starts digging looking for it. and finally he finds it. yes, negan has lucille again. now strap yourself in for the flashback, cause it's negan's origin story. it's told backwards because we start when negan's already captured by some sort of gang. he's got a cooler of cancer medication that he's trying to get back to his wife, but these guys are like, yo, tell us where the supplies are, or we kill you. a few days earlier, negan, a desperate man, found these people with medical supplies and tried to stick him up, but he was knocked out by a baseball bat by, yes, you recognized this minor character. remember? that's laura, who was one of the main saviors, but then became a good member of the group afterwards. unfortunately, she was just killed by beta. we don't get their full story, but it seems her and her father somehow have a bunch of medical supplies, and here, at the beginning of the zombie apocalypse, they're driving around trying to help people. nikin explains he needs chemotherapy meds for his wife. and now we go back a few more weeks to meet his real-life wife, lucille. they had a pretty decent setup here at the beginning of the zombie apocalypse. but she does have cancer. luckily, they've got a stockpile of chemotherapy meds, and they've only got a few sessions left. negan's like, yo, baby, you're gonna beat this cancer, then together, we're gonna beat this zombie apocalypse. and it's a touching scene that night they're snuggling for warmth, and he can start singing to her, you are so beautiful to me. we get a little montage of their life in the zombie apocalypse together, where they're just really happy. things are great, but it's overshadowed with the sadness of her cancer. it's i'm tearing up a little. lucille gives me get a present, and it is his iconic leather jacket. the jacket has its own backstory. let's go back a little while, longer. before the zombie apocalypse, negan's hanging out playing video games, trash talking teenagers. turns out he bought himself this expensive leather jacket, which is bad cause, like, he doesn't have a job right now. he confirms he was, as i always imagined, a high school gym teacher. but apparently he just recently beat some guy up, which put an assault on a record. so he was fired. he was not a great husband at this point. in fact, long story short, we find out he was screwing around with her best friend. oh, negan. so now in the present, they're talking it out. he's like, i'm so sorry, baby. and she's like, hey, you've made up for it since then. you've been a great zombie apocalypse husband. anyway, they've been having problems with the generator, and one night it finally died. the fridge d thought, and oh, all the cancer meds are ruined. negan's heard about this medical truck going around trying to help people. he's like, yo, i can track him down and get you more chemotherapy meds. she's like, yo, baby, forget it. if you walk out that door, you might never come back. just stay with me and we'll live it out happily till i die. but he's like, no, we're not giving up. we're gonna beat this and live happily ever after. so we've caught up to where we are. these guys give him the chemomeds, and because he doesn't have a weapon, laura gives him the baseball bat. that's where he got it. but a little bit later, he was captured by this gang who's now interrogating him. and he has no choice. he has to give up their location so he can get back to his wife. but unfortunately, when he gets home, it is just too late. he was gone for too long. lucille either ran out of supplies or ran out of hope, decided to end things. and now his zombie wife is here in bed. it's heartbreaking, and it's also a little mind-breaking. sends negan kind of down a dark path. he goes out and wraps his new bat with barbed wire, then decides to burn his whole house down. the gang has medical guy hostage now, but negan comes in to save him, and, oh, kills his first living human. gunshot's outside. he's on a rampage, apparently, takes down the whole gang. he sits down with this guy and tells him a long story, talking like savior negan used to. and long story short, this is where he went from kind of a normal dude to his dark zombie apocalypse persona who has no qualms about bashing people's heads in. but negan's been through a lot since then. he's not going back to his old ways. in fact, he went through all the trouble of digging up his bat, lucille, just to give it a proper funeral. the bat lucille is a stand-in for his wife, lucille. and he gives a tearful farewell, sorry i wasn't there for you at the end, but i'm gonna keep fighting for you. now, tosses the bat into the fire. so the next morning, negan comes on back to alexandria. carol's like, hey, i thought i banished you. but he's like, nah, i'm on banishing myself. carol's like, look, if you stick around here, maggie is going to kill you at some point. and negan's like, well, we'll see about that. he's done just trying to avoid her. now he stares her down and gives her a little negan smirk. the interactions between these two is going to be a really good part of season 11. but for now, that's where the extended season of the walking dead, season 10, comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member 