[Music]. slenderman, the movie sees released this month. and as always, the man-made monster of mystery has a lot of hype surrounding it. created in 2009, the Slender Man has gained a huge internet reputation over the last decade and has went on to star on games, documentaries and more. throughout this video, I will be discussing the myth of the Slender Man in fiction, as well as the real-life murder trial that was attributed to the character. there will be some content here that young viewers may find disturbing, so please be advised. with that out the way, I'm definition. and this is my Slenderman explained video. the Slender Man originated as a creepypasta internet meme in 2009, created by something awful for amusement to search. the Slenderman is depicted as a black suit wearing, thin and unnaturally tall humanoid with a completely blank head and face. often located in forests. the Slenderman is known for stalking, traumatizing and abducting people, mainly children. Serge created the character when he contributed to black and white images to the forum that were made up of groups of children and the digitally added Slender Man composited of them. Serge supplemented his submission with snatches of text, supposedly from witnesses, describing the abductions of the group of children, and giving the character the name the Slender Man. the quote under the first photograph read, we didn't want to go we didn't want to kill them, but it's persistent silence and outstretched arms horrified and comforted us, and at the same time. the quote underneath the second photograph read, one of the two recovered photographs from the Sterling City Library, blaze, notable for being taken the day which 14 children vanished, and for what is referred to as the Slenderman deformities, cited his film defects by the officials buyer at library occurred one week later. actual photograph confiscated as evidence. surged attributed the characters creation to inspiration from HP. Lovecraft, Stephen King, the tall man from the film phantasm and more surges. intention was to formulate something whose motivations can barely be comprehended, and which caused an ease in terror in general populations. the Slender Man quickly became an internet phenomenon and went viral. this rise in popularity spawned numerous works of fanfiction, cosplays, online art and more. however, the character got his first real big break in 2013 with the arrival of the game slender the eight pages. slender the eight pages is set in a dense forest during the middle of the night. the players objective is to collect all 8 pages located in various areas of the forest, while avoiding the Slenderman. as the player collects pages, the fog in the forest grows thicker, and Slenderman appears closer to the players location, though the characters sprinting speed slowly increases as well. Slenderman moves by teleporting, creeping around the player, but only from certain distances. if he gaze at the character too long, static begins to fill the screen, and death eventually follows. the game was given a full fledge release in 2015 with Slenderman the arrival. and it follows much of the same pattern as the aforementioned title, but with improved graphics, expanded areas and a wider character roster. Slenderman arrival received mixed reviews, with many citing its scares, atmosphere and sound design is being standout in the genre, whilst the character is mainly made up from media. there is also a far more controversial thing as from its creation. on May 31st, 2014 in Wisconsin, to twelve-year-old girls lured their friend into the woods and stabbed her 19 times in an attempt to impress what they believed to be the Slenderman. the victim crawled to the road where she was found, and after six days in hospital that made a full recovery. there was a long and lengthy trial for the two attackers, but they were eventually found not guilty because of reasons of insanity. by February 2018, they were both convicted and sentenced to long periods in mental health institutions. during the trial, they both stated that they believed the Slender Man to be real and carried out the stabbing to prove their loyalty to him. desperately hoping to become his proxies, they sought to show the world his existence and to prevent him from harming their families while staking them under his wing. they believed that the only way to do this would be to kill someone, after which they would become servants of the Slenderman and live in his mansion in nicoleff National Forest in the aftermath of the stabbing, the creepypasta wiki was blocked throughout the school district. however, a statement from the creator of the Slender Man was posted to the creepypasta wiki expressing condolences for all those involved. the site later held a fundraiser for the victim in order to showcase that the visitors to creepypasta were not bad people just because they like scary stories. the incident has went on to spark debates on child internet access that rages on still to this day. and whilst we may never have an answer as to what the correct direction to take is, it's clear that the Slender Man has moved far beyond his original meme origins. as always, I'd love to hear your thoughts on Slender Man. are you going to see the film, and what do you think will happen in it? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create content like this weekly, and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of film, make sure you keep an eye out for my Slender Man, the movie ending explain video, which is due to drop next week. and thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. peace. [Music]. 