[Music], hello everyone. in 1957, there was a place called the land of god that was abandoned norkenstee town. people were all catholic. here, more than 400 people in the town were faithful to god. there was a man living here, william. he was a coward since childhood, always faithful to god and praying to him. he was, unfortunately chosen to join the army. many years later, he returned to his hometown again. when eating in a restaurant, he took a fancy to a waiter, seeing that she was a kind woman who was always willing to help people in need, william was completely committed to her. his mom said they were in love. however, when he was away in the battle, his mother had already made a deal with god. she prayed every day, as long as he returned from the war, he would marry the neighbour girl. today, the neighbor helen, also came to the church at that time. she fell in love with the priest roy. in the church, roy tried to prove his bravery pouring the spiders on his face. this way of proving courage instantly attracted helen. they fell in love immediately. william and helen had no feelings for each other, so they freely went after the ones they loved, having happy families. roy wanted to prove the existence of god. he was no longer pleased with spiders on his face every week. he wanted to use more exaggerated actions to prove god's miracles. roy said he would take helen to preach in the rural area. helen came to william with her daughter in her arms. his mother was entrusted to take care of helen's daughter. roy took helen to a remote forest and killed her on the spot. roy had a heated conversation with god, saying he had passed the test of god. the loss of his wife completely overcame his fear. now god could manifest him. but there was no god replying to him. helen was dead. roy, who failed to bring his wife back to life, no longer believed that there was god in the world. as he came out of the forest, he met a couple with guns. he turned down their strange request and was killed on the spot. after william got married, he had a child named arvin. arvin was a lovely boy. the bullies in the town fell in love with charlotte, wanting to take her for himself. so they threatened william. william couldn't be scared away. he came home to save his wife in time. in the process, arvin saw his father beaten by two guys and his mother covered in blood. this had caused a huge shadow in arvin's heart. tragedy came to william one more time. charlotte was suffering from cancer. the doctor said there was nothing he could do. william took arvin to the back mountain to pray, but there was no improvement. willie had killed arvan's pet dog and wanted to make a deal with god to save his wife. but god was not a trader. charlotte passed away despite all efforts. on the way home, arvin was desperate, but his father was way more he committed suicide in front of the cross on the back mountain. the police came and solved the case. the sheriff lee comforted arvin and sent him to his grandma's house. when arvin moved here to live with his grandma, he met helen's daughter, lenora. they became friends and grew up together in his grandma's house. their relationship was subtle, but lenora was a very kind girl. because of her kindness, she was always bullied at school. the bullies always liked to put a bag around lenora's head. arvin couldn't bear it. just when arvin was busy fighting the bullies, lenora drove around in a luxury car with someone she liked. this man was the new priest in town, reverend. just like her mother. lenora developed a feeling for the priest. brev was knowledgeable, talking from the seven sins of humans to how god created human beings to fascinate her. he said he was closer to god. but it was just to satisfy the animal desiring him. unfortunately, lenora was pregnant. she told rev the news. rev said they didn't do anything that day, just talking about god. lenora blamed her pregnancy on herself. it was a blasphemy against god. rev, as a priest, not only didn't admit his mistake, but also humiliated her. in return, lenora, who had always been devout, couldn't bear it. she decided to commit suicide. arvind saw the police. when he went back, the police told arvin lenora was pregnant before she committed suicide. it made arvin angry, he suddenly thought of reverend. following the investigation, he found that rev often induced people in the village. he supposed that rev was the father of lenora's baby. he confronted reverend. rev denied it, saying lenora's baby was someone else's illegitimate child. he was only a priest. but arvind's childhood experience made him understand sometimes priests were monsters. he killed rev on the spot. arvin embarked on the road of escape. he was looking for a taxi on the suburban road. unexpectedly, the serial killer couple was just looking for a target and drove to the remote area. the man said it would be convenient to get off the car. arvin found the guns on their waists. he pulled out his gun, immediately opening the door and striking first, watching the man get killed. the woman pointed her gun at arvin, and they shot at the same time. but what she didn't expect was the man didn't trust her at all. her gun had no bullets. she was shot by arvin. the two serial killers were killed by the very target. after arvin killed two people, he checked their belongings. he found out that they were serial killers. he felt that he was acting on behalf of heaven. there was a lot less guilt in him. the death of the priest and the serial killer couple attracted the resident's attention. the serial killer couple was actually the sheriff's sister and brother-in-law, and he was the one who comforted arvin the whole time. lee went to arvin's grandma's house during the investigation. he quickly identified the suspect as arvin. he supposed to darwin would return to the old house where he once lived. so he drove there. after many hardships, arvin returned to the old town. but the house he used to live in with his parents had been dismantled. that was all that was left. the wooden cross that darvin dead not looked directly at. he dug out the bones of his dog under the cross and reburied him. after that, he recalled his life with his parents. just then lee came in the woods where the leaves were falling. lee, who avenged his sister in arvin, who defended himself, pulled out the guns at the same time. it was a pity that lee's shot was just a second slower than arvin's. arvin left the woods alive. he got into a hippie's car. he wanted to leave this place full of evil, god's forsaken land. no one in the film was a good character. they committed crimes one way or another. so this place had become a place abandoned by god. the residents also became the forgotten ones. this thrill excited so many people. many people thought that the last murderer could get away with his sin, but could he get away with repentance? those facts have not been published for some reason. i think the good part of the film is that the mere wrong doings were just as terrible as the covered up truth. this is all for today. follow me to know more amazing movies. i'll see you next time. 