welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul. and tomorrow i'm gonna watch tenet for the first time, so i can bring you the breakdown that you're watching right now. it's arguably one of christopher nolan's most complicated movies. antenna carries a lot with its story that is deliberately made to make the audience feel confused. throughout the film, our protagonist. the protagonist is introduced to several characters, but he learns very little about them. so there's no way that things can be compromised. ignorance is their best weapon. and thus, the less information that is provided, the more unlikely it is that sator and the people from the future will be able to carry out temporal pinces. what this means though is that there's a ton of different characters in the film that all have questions over their heads. but if we look at the little clues we are given, it is possible to figure out who is who. now, the first person i want to talk about is the scientists from the future. nolan has a habit of creating doubles in his films. and this has been shown in movies like mementos, with the multiple lennies and john g's in the batman movies, there's the two razzle ghouls, bruce wayne and batman, two-face miranda tay and talia algool, and a lot more. there's also the twins in the prestige, as well as the two opposing magicians. and this motif is something that pops up at multiple points in nolan's movies. now in film terminology, this is known as a hitchcock double, and what the technique typically involves is placing dopplegangers in cinematic works that hint towards their relation and so on. in tenet, this, of course, appears in the two cats, the two protagonists that fight one another, and potentially neil and max being one and the same, if you subscribe to that theory. we will be discussing these ideas a lot through the video, so i feel that they're very important to bear in mind before we get deeper into it. now, early on in the movie, we're introduced to a scientist named laura on google casting, or barbara, if you check imdb. either way, they make it very clear that this is a woman who has been put in charge of investigating inverted objects. and the science behind the algorithm. later on in the film, we discover from priya that the scientist who actually invented the algorithm itself was a woman generations in the future. so taking these two points, it is indeed possible that the scientist that we meet early on in the movie is the person behind the algorithm itself. now firstly, we have to take the term generations and define how long that actually is. typically, a generation is thought to be between 15 to 30 years. and thus, if we take it at its lowest value, it is possible that a 50 to 60 year old laura discovered how to create the algorithm and then inverted it to send back to her past self. the planet at that point could also be at the point of destabilizing due to global warming. and therefore things do line up. i think, from the way that the film operates that it becomes clear that the future protagonists did know the scientist, and this is how they were able to learn about inverting the algorithm and sending it back to the past. they then took this information and used it to set up the domino pieces that would eventually lead to their past self stopping sator from burying it. priya saying that the scientist is a she very much plays on the idea of hitchcockian doubles once more, and leads me to believe that this specific gender was assigned because we've already met a scientist that is studying invasion, and that they are one in the same. however, there is another possibility, and this is that it's actually the scientist's daughter. in the film, when she first enters, you can see that laura is actually pregnant. and thus it could be her child that grew up to study invasion, and that she was the one who did it. this would mean that several generations could pass, and it gives the film more of a gap between the present events and the future. now, as for briere, she initially starts off as an arm stealer that's using her husband as a front for her company. she points the protagonist in the direction of saito, and we later learn that she is actually working for tenet. now, bria believes herself to be above all and actually in the inner circle of the organization. in her eyes, she knows the truth about what's going on, and believes that she's been given the task of tying up the loose ends. however, she herself is a loose end, someone that could potentially leak information that could be found by people in the future. and thus she is a liability. though she believes herself to be a queen, she's actually a pawn used by the protagonist, who even remarks at an arms dealer being the easiest trigger that he's had to pull. therefore he has no issues with using her as a peace in the chess game, rather than her being someone with actual power. thus, much in the same way that she used her husband as a front, the future protagonist used her as one to provide information to himself. she also gave bullets to satos so that he could invert them. and inevitably, this helped him to collect the pieces of the algorithm, and thus the tenet team could steal them after they'd been assembled. now, though the protagonist could be seen as someone who's merciless in killing her, he does give priya an out that would allow her to survive the events of the movie. but as she goes back on her word and attempts to kill kat, she does seal her own fate. now, there also exists a theory that was made by speed sable, which states that priya is actually the scientist from the future. if this is true, then it means that she created the algorithm and then put in place this plan, which would lead to sator assembling all of the pieces so that the protagonist could steal it, dissemble it and then, with ives, hide the pieces so that they could never be found. this, of course, fits in with the plan that she says the scientist lays out. and her actions get her killed at the end of the movie, which could be hinting to her taking her own life, which we know that the scientists did. it also fit in with the aesthetic that the scientist is a woman. and we also know from priya's husband that she doesn't mind using men as a front with the character. the theories are really just to pick your poison, and of course, love to hear which one you side with below. now, as mentioned earlier, there exists a theory that neil and cat's son, max are one in the same. i've already done a big breakdown on this, so don't want to just retread all ground, but definitely check it out after this if you have any questions. the main reason i bring it up though, is that nolan purposely had rubber patterns and dye his hair. and he also made him adopt an accent that was more in line with cats. so it is safe to assume that this was done on purpose for a specific reason. now this is also brought across to ives, who adopts a heavy cockney accent in the film. though this could be seen as his audition for captain price in a call of duty movie. and actually could hint at him and sir michael crosby being one in the same. again, this ties into the idea of hitchcockian doubles. and from what crosby does in the movie, we do get the feeling that he has knowledge of starsk12. upon meeting him in the restaurant, crosby discusses the secret soviet cities and also divulges saito's past, which he knows a lot of details about. sato is quite a private person, and thus crosby knowingness does hinder him, perhaps having studied him closely. now, another thing that he brings up is that there was an explosion that starts 12 two weeks prior. after re-watching the movie, it becomes clear that this conversation is of course, referring to the climactic battle at the end of the film and the explosion that happens at the hippo center. now it is possible that crosby knew to have his surveillance keep an eye on the area, because when he was younger, he actually participated in the mission. ives clearly was recruited by the feature protagonist, which is why he had no issues with him joining the splinter cell at the end of the movie, even though he was a complete stranger. thus it does seem like the two could know each other, and ives may have taken his piece of the algorithm at the end, and eventually he went on to ascend throughout the organization until he was knighted and became a piece of the puzzle that would allow the protagonist to carry out his mission. ives does say that if he ever catches the protagonist again, that he'll kill him, but because of the way that everything has to happen the way it has to happen, if he is crosby, then he likely realizes the irony in their conversation, which is where the little british banter between the two stems from. we love you, michael kaine, now, the final theory that i'm a bit unsure of is that the protagonist is actually his own contact at the cia. we do hear the two talking on the phone, and they do have similar accents. at this point, the protagonist is also thought to be dead due to taking his cyanide pill, so it doesn't really make sense as to why his cia contact would not have questions over this. the opening of the movie also lets us know that the cia know about the opera siege in advance, and this is why they are working with saito's men. from neil, we learn that the protagonist has a future in the past. and it is possible that he went back in time, rose through the ranks of the cia and then recruited himself in order to assign this mission that would lead to the events of the film. that's one of the more tenuous theories, but still an interesting one. so i just thought i'd include it. i could say we need to bump up the runtime on this video. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts and theories on the characters. and if you enjoyed this breakdown, then please drop a thumbs up. don't forget that on the 28th of february, we're giving away three copies of the phase 3mcu 4k box set to our subscribers. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on, and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the theories. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of why neil is max, which will be linked on screen right now. we've done a ton of other tenet videos as well, which will be linked in a playlist, so definitely give them a watch. if you still have more questions over the film, without the way, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 