Hey, hey and hello everyone. is back on this channel. Of course, to watch a great film, this time I will tell you a film called new Swift, which was released in 2016. this film tells about a married woman who falls in love with a perverted tennis coach. after the woman is following a tennis practice program with him. Will their abusive relationship have a happy ending, let's just watch the full video. at the beginning of the film, we will be shown with a woman named Yunjeong, who, at that time was walking home to her house. on the way home, she suddenly stopped in front tennis court. a tennis coach named Sehun came to Hyun Joong to pick up the ball that was thrown out of the field. from here, where Hyun Joong and Jung Hoon met, where there would be steady activity between the two of them. told he was a housewife, angga, who has a husband who works as a detective, and he has a daughter. that afternoon, Young was cooking, but he was constrained to cut fish meat. finally, his husband came to help him. and somehow Hyun Joong suddenly became Sydney and immediately asked his husband to do skidipapap sawadikap in the room. after that, Hyun Joong ate with his husband and also his son. While enjoying the food, Hyun-joong's husband told Hyun Joong to practice tennis so that he had sports activities. besides that, it also happened that near their house there was a tennis court complete with a coach. according to Hyun Joong husband's request to go to the tennis court to see the players practice, he was approached by a woman who practiced at that place. where this woman named Minjo, the coach, came over to Hyun Joong to invite him into his office so that Uun could explain the program, ram Jihan, whatever was offered at the place. Hyun Joong finally decided to join the place. then he went straight to the mall to buy tennis sports clothes. short story, hyun-joong started his first practice the next day. at that time, Simon was training menju, but focusing on, instead, focused to you. Jeong sewoon then went over to Hyun Joong, and he then taught UNJ how to hit the ball, while looking for opportunities to hold Yong Junhyung's hand seemed a little uncomfortable with Sehun's treatment. he then went away from Sehun and practiced alone. at night, Hyun Joong his husband and son having dinner at the dinner table. Kissing husband asked his wife about his first training, and Hyun Joong replied that everything went well. Kissing husband also said that he was going out of town on business for three days. The next day, nyuci went to the tennis court to play, but he didn't know If that day there was no training schedule. suddenly, someone appeared from behind Hyun Joong. because Sigmund felt sorry for Hyun Joong. he then invited Hyun Joong to enter the field. then He also Jasmine Hyun Joong privately. Junhyung looked very happy, to the point until he wanted to be escorted home by kyung-hoon. in the car, they both began to get to know each other more closely. and Simon himself seemed to dare to show that he has feelings for Yoon Jong. Hyun Joong looks a little awkward with Uun, But it seems he also has feelings for seong-hoon Hoon, but he doubts because he is already married. Short story is that UNJ's husband, who was ready to go out of town, left his wife and child at home. after the husband kissed him, leaving Hyun Joong going somewhere with his son. on the road, he was called by Sigmund, who asked him to go on a date. Hearing this, That's Hyun Joong immediately step on the gas to the house. mert her time to leave her child there for three days. Hai after that, she immediately returned home to dress up, to get ready to go on a date. with a smile, they both went to a park to enjoy the day alone. when they were in a house, smiling, was looking for- looking for an opportunity to tease Hyun Joong so that Hyun Joong wants to kiss. and finally, they both kissed in the house. Sigmund took Hyun Joong home when it was night. at first, Hyun Joong immediately got out of the car and didn't invite Sehun to go inside. but he changed thought and invited Uun to go into Yunji's house, who then prepared food to entertain his guests at that time. but the dinner ended in a skidipapap sawadikap between the two of them. the two of them will skidip like a couple in love with their share of minutes in their affair, without thinking about the feelings of their children and husband. hyun-joong so addicted to your smile with yunjeong Simon's soft surabi, that he doesn't care where to boost Young Sehun, even forcing you- jeong to do it in an abandoned playground. after being used, hyun- joong saw a husband and wife walking together carrying ice cream. For some reason, he suddenly remembered his husband and son the key, and then asked si.umk to buy him ice cream. but after came back to his senses with the ice cream he just bought, Hyun Joong suddenly disappeared. it turned out he went to his father-in-law's house to pick up his son, kissed immediately, brought his son home. and at Young's husband's house, was waiting for them both. Hyun Joong calmly welcomed his husband without feeling guilty at all. the story continues, where in the morning, hyun-joong's husband got a call from Symphony No Hai. Simon said that he wanted to talk to hyun-joong to discuss his tennis practice keys. then picked up the phone and he asked the bonk not to call him on the landline. but after that incident, Hyun Joong found out that he was positively pregnant after he took a test. after knowing that, Hyun Joong immediately went to the tennis court to meet Sehun. and what a surprise there. he even found Sehun being skidded against by punching in his room. jin-jin immediately left from there. then Siwon came out to follow yunjeong. when he got home, hyun-joong was suddenly surprised to hear his son's scream from upstairs. he rushed upstairs to check it, and it turned out to be a joking scream from his son, who was playing. with a smile and kissed then ask ana knya to go to play downstairs. then the Uun and Young talk. Four Eyes There. Simon, who has missed Yunjeong's Ipad voice, can't hold his lust anymore. then he pushes Yunjeong to the bed to execute him. there but For some reason, Siwon suddenly fell silent without a word. The obvious reason is seeing your smile when you're careless. Hyun Joong didn't think long to take advantage of Siu Hun's carelessness. then he hit the bedside with a jar. Simon immediately fell to the floor. then Hyun Joong called his husband to come home. immediately after Um's husband came, revealed a surprising fact, where it turned out that Uyong's husband deliberately ordered Sehun to approach his own wife to test his wife's loyalty, all of which he had arranged neatly, until he finally found out that his wife was unfaithful, and instead, chatted more surabi to Sehun, this, of course, made Hyun-joong's husband disappointed, and it seemed he didn't can forgive his wife again. Hi, at the end of the film, Hyun Joong is shown with his son at a restaurant, and next to them there is a husband and wife who are eating together with their child. it's not really clear What is the meaning of this snippet. but according to my guess, in the end, Yunjeong was divorced by her own husband, and now she lives alone with her child, the coffee was then the film called maybo Swift. Thank you for watching this video. see you in the next steady film. Hi Ho 