I like I've been saying, documentaries this year are delivering more than the midwives in the handmaidens tale. three identical strangers in particulars fantastic. because this is one of those documentaries that hits you with a new right hook every 30 minutes. I personally think the thing is a combo price. and I highly suggest checking it out before I completely spoil it for you. because this is a story about these triplets who find each other when they're like 20 years old. but then when the documentary ends, you start questioning your own reality by the end of it. let me explain. so I highly recommend watching the documentary, but I want to keep it real with you. you can just wiki this story write. all of the clips are online, because it's a real story. but the way that the doc lays that out for you makes you completely paranoid. yet, this guy who goes to college, and everyone is calling him by somebody else's name, because it turns out that he's going to the exact same school that his twin brother, who he's never met, when til last year, these to me, and you can just imagine the reruns of Sister Sister that would be playing in the back of your mind. but even crazier than that is that once they make the news, there's a third guy chilling at home who then sees himself on TV. it's like, brah. like I said, any other story has these three meeting, showing you how they become these many celebrities on the news. and then they would just drag that story out so it becomes one of those Doc's that just gets buried on Netflix. but these guys get hit harder than Drago V Creed with every new reveal. first of all, they all live like 100 miles from each other. and so there could have been a chance encounter at any point in their lives, but there wasn't. well, know what? not that price. okay? [Applause]. reason for that was because the adoption agency that they all came from was like, in the center of the area. so when all three parents pull up to the spot, like, yo, why didn't you tell us that's how assembly was required for these triplets? and and realized it, went back for it, and went back into the same room. he opened the door, he saw them. it literally took some random journalists to figure out that there was a conspiracy going on. see their biological mom was a young, single Jewish woman who gave them up for adoption. but the thing was that this agency that took these kids knew that she was struggling with some things, and that would make her the perfect subject. she then was able to give up her three triplets that they use like mice in and experiments. which, first off, isn't it crazy that there's a bunch of couples out there who really want to adopt kids, but it takes them forever because of the agency? and there's a bunch of kids who want parents, but it takes them forever because of the agency. why are you guys dragging more than our arm Martin writing a book? turns out that this agency, even more than that, is bamboozling these parents because they were going to be a part of a test. they were looking at parents who had different parenting styles or had different income backgrounds. and the agency also made sure that every family had an older daughter in the household. they convinced the family that they had to come in and do some baby Rorschach tests in order to dissect these kids. now, that whole thing is just wild, but what makes it even crazier is that there was more adopted kids who started finding their twins that they didn't know they had. on top of that, what sucks is that the study isn't even available for their for the subjects themselves to even read. like if it was supposed to determine nature versus nurture, the idea of if your traits are passed down from your Grandma and Grandpa, or if they're formed by the environment that you're raised in, or if it's a little bit of both, none of that even mattered. like imagine IKEA selling you all the parts you need for your furniture, and then they don't even give you the instructions. these guys don't even have the results for the research that ruin their lives the agency and getting a note trouble the psychologist completely vanished. and worst of all, they don't even know how many other experiments were going on, or are going on, either. hey, maybe, maybe I'm even one of them. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious know your thoughts down below in the comment section. definitely an intriguing story. like everyone always talks about doppelgangers. maybe there's somebody out there who looks exactly like you and. and I also thought it was very interesting that idea that everyone was noticing the similarities because that's what they were focusing on. and then you realize, little by little with with the the triplets, you know, there's only two left because one of them committed suicide. and not being able to pick up on that, it's almost like murder, right? like if this research was able to pinpoint the fact that one of them would have had a mental condition, and then they didn't do anything to stop it, man, that's like, that's like assisted murder, right there. you didn't do anything but just view that. but I'm curious to know you guys thoughts down below. this is a crazy documentary. there's a bunch of other crazy documentaries that are out there. definitely let me know your thoughts. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll connect you with your doppelganger. 