what would you do if you were traveling europe when you and your friends were suddenly kidnapped? in this video, i will explain the movie taken and everything that went wrong. the movie starts off with a five-year-old girl celebrating her birthday. brian then wakes up from his dream and heads to door. he then proceeds to buy kim, his daughter, a gift for her birthday. when he is wrapping it up, we see that he is somewhat of a perfectionist, which is a good trait. he takes the gift to a party. when he is stopped by some guy. lenore intervenes and helps him out. kim shows up and she opens the gift. brian botter, kim is excited to see that it is a karaoke machine. a few minutes later, she gets a horse as a gift from her stepdad, stewart. when brian realizes she got a horse, he becomes a little upset about the difference in the two gifts. but let's be honest, if you were going to a party that looked like this, then there will most likely be expensive gifts. later that day, he adds to his collection of images from his daughter's childhood. three of his friends then show up for a cookout and to bond. before the friends leave, one of them talks to brian about quick money they can all make escorting a famous star to and from her concert. brian agrees to do it, and they leave. the next day, we see that they are escorting the star to her concert. she is warming up her voice when brian comments on how good her singing is. when she goes to sing on the stage, brian stops her to ask her for tips, because his daughter wants to become a singer. she says that she should pick a different career, and brian looks hurt. the guys are playing cards when he gets a call. he steps outside and it's laureen asking him to have lunch the next day. he tells his friends back in the room, and they are all excited for him. when the star is done singing, fans are able to get through a gate, causing chaos. brian is in charge of keeping the star safe, and when they are walking, a man with a knife jumps out at them. brian is able to quickly get the knife out of his hands and arrest the man. they are able to get into the car. and the singer is scared of what just happened. she starts to cry, and brian comforts her. we then see all the men being handed their money before they leave. brian is called into the singer's room to have a talk. she says that brian's daughter can get vocal coaching for free of charge after he saved her life. the next day, brian kim and lenoran at a restaurant. when kim is excited that she was invited to go to paris with one of her friends. kim needs brian's signature to go to paris because she is underage. brian is hesitant to sign it because he knows the world is a dangerous place. kim has said that he won't sign it, so she runs off crying. later, brian decides to sign the papers, and kim is excited to see this. when brian is taking her to the airport, they talk about some areas that are dangerous in france, and that he worked for the government as a preventer. when brian is getting kim's bags, he sees a map that shows they will be traveling all around and not just staying in paris. brian is understandably upset at kim and laureen for lying to him. he decides to forget about it and let kim go with her friend. when they arrive at paris, a man named peter offers to take their picture. they get to talking and decide on sharing a taxi because it can be very expensive. they arrive at their hotel, and before the man leaves, he asks them to come to a party, and they agree. he says he will pick them up later that night. okay, i don't think anyone in their right mind will be going to parties with some random stranger in a foreign country on their first day. but for some reason they think it's okay and decide to agree to go. when they get to their room, they are happy to see how nice it is, and decide to crank up the music, making it hard to hear anything. brian tries to call him, but she can't hear anything because of the music. i don't know about you, but i don't like when music is too loud, and i always like to be able to hear my surroundings. kim eventually picks up the call from her father, and when they are talking, we see amanda get taken by men in the other room. kim tells brian, and he tells her to stay calm and get under a bed. brian knows how to survive in terrible places, so he tells kim she will get taken and to call out any details on the men so brian can hear it through the phone. she thinks they left, and then she is suddenly dragged out from under the bed. one of the men that took her pick up the phone, and brian says his classic words, and the man breaks the phone. brian heads over to steward and laureen's home to let them know kim has been taken. he gets a call back from his friend, who was able to find out who is on the call and some of their background history. brian gets on a plane to kim's last no spot, and he reviews the recording of her getting taken. he arrives at the hotel that she was at and goes to investigator room, but it's locked. so he steps on the ledge of the outside wall and starts to make his way to her room. when he breaks into the room, he finds her stuff and starts to break down what he thinks happened. he is able to find the sd card that was in kim's phone, so he goes to look at the pictures that were taken. while scrolling through them, he is able to find a lead. we then see that peter is trying to do the same thing he did to kim and amanda to another girl. right before they get into the taxi. brian is able to find him and shove him into the car to be questioned. one of peter's co-workers drags brian out of the car and they gets into a fight. brian knocks him out and starts to chase after peter, who is escaping. right before brian reaches him, he jumps off a bridge onto a semi peter jumps onto the road. he doesn't see the oncoming car and gets ran over. he then talks to someone that can help him find his daughter. when they are talking, the man gives some backstory of what these kidnappers and doing in france and where they could possibly be located. he heads off and forms a deal with someone that speaks albanian and can translate the recording from when kim was taken. brian talks to a prostitute because he is trying to find out who they are working for, so he can possibly find kim. one of the bosses comes up to brian asking for money because he cost him some sales. when the man gets close, brian is able to plant an audio recorder on him. he heads back into the car and has the man translates what is being said. from this, he is able to get a location and heads there. while brian is waiting in line, he sees the man that he put the audio recorder on. he searches through the rooms for his daughter. when he sees the coat she was wearing, brian asks the girl in the room where she got it, but she is no help. when the men there see what he is trying to do, they try to kill him, but he is able to defend himself. he then takes the girl to a car in hopes of finding in his daughter. the men get into their cars and chase after him. eventually, brian is able to escape all of them and changes his car. he then gets a hotel room and treats the girl. he talks with the man that was ordered to take brian home, but brian won't leave till he finds his daughter. back at the room, brian asks the girl where she got her daughter's jacket. she is able to remember where she saw kim. and brian goes there. he walks into the house and is able to get past the first guards. he sits down at a table with the men that he believes are responsible for this. one of the men says good luck, which he remembers from the recording of when his daughter was taken. he proceeds to take down all the people in that building and goes to check the rooms for his daughter. when he sees amanda, the friend kim went on that trip with, he then tortures marco, who was the one in the room that took his daughter. out of marco, bryan is able to find who took his daughter and where they are located. first, he heads to the man's house for questioning. brian is able to hold him at gunpoint and get him to tell him all he needs to know about who is in charge of this whole operation. he then goes to known location of this man. he is able to get into the auction room for the bidding of these women. the last auction of the night happens to be his daughter. he forces the buyer to bite him. and when he leaves. he is knocked out. when brian wakes up, the man says he will not get his daughter back, and then orders one of his men to kill brian. before they can do so, he is able to break the pipe and kill them all. he sees his daughter is being taken on a butt so he runs there. when he makes it on the boat, he takes out some of the guards. he then walks into another room, and his daughter is being held at knife point. he is easily able to shoot the man and kill him, finally putting an end to this. later we see they are back home, and kim greets her parents. kim then goes to the famous singer's home to practice her singing. as the movie ends, 