can you say, listen, see. if you grew up watching TV in the 2000s, chances are you were flipping through the channels and you saw a little Hispanic cartoon girl demanding you to repeat words. it was pretty much Nick Junior's combination of little bears narrative with a little salt and pepper seasoning, from Blue's Clues to I'd that interactive factor. and now when the year of our Lord, 2019, we have a live-action Dora movie, along with a lot of other live-action stuff, which at first I thought was better than the idea they had for a live-action Dora TV show. I was worried it wouldn't be as funny as the CollegeHumor sketch that inspired it. but look, it was no way it could be as goofy as the Kim Possible movie, right? bra, it was even goofier, and I loved it. I know they come explica. so the movie was released 20 years ago after Dora's pilot premiered in 99, with her full season coming out in the early 2000s, meaning Isabella is literally Dora's age. this show ran for 14 years and had a hundred and seventy two episodes she's had spin-off series, holiday specials. my girl Dora explored things internationally. she's become such a pop culture phenomenon that she's been parodied to death. and at one point they even Rugrats turn and it, that follow-up series they do. but she's older now, and considering people were mad at that cartoon cos Dora no longer looked like a linebacker, but like this, I can't even imagine what these people did to their keyboards after this casting. I'm excited for the cute kids, not excited for the weird men. I think the reason she's always been a hit, besides being super marketable, is the attitude dora has when it comes to exploring. you know, she really did make you think you can grab a backpack in a piece of paper and explore the world, which was really just your backyard. and if we're judging adaptations, I'm not gonna like the 2019 version gets the essence of Dora. they got Isabel ammonia from Soldado, every other mark Whalberg movie recently. and I think she's the perfect choice. she looks sounds hell. was a voice and one of the Dora series growing up, and she took this role very seriously, so the point that the entire cast and crew also made the trek to actually film in the rainforest in Australia. we had a train to hold our breath underwater for at least two minutes. that was scary, considering we were actually doing it ourselves. I was like, okay, Aquaman, that movie took place underwater, and they mean go underwater at one point. now, I'm not gonna lie, then we don't start off super goofy with this overly CGI adventure, only to realize that it is all in Dora's mind, which I actually kind of like. like we've just accepted her talking to us in the show. but when you really think about it, a little girl being raised in the Amazon with only her parents would end up talking to a backpack thinking is her friend. she's practically tarz in. and that's why I was dying in the movie when young Dora randomly yells at the screen. [Music]. she'll grow out of it. she grows up vlogs with a GoPro, so she isn't completely crazy. but she's still jumping off cliffs thinking she's Laura Croft. okay, Peggy and Longoria play her Explorer parents who want to send her off to America so she can have some social life and real friends. and instead of a CGI monkey, she has an instant family with her cousin Diego, who's actually Mark Wahlberg's nephew. supposedly, he didn't get this row because of his connections, which is a really weird thing to say in interviews. to point out that, I also can't imagine the audition tape getting accepted. so I'm just taking a wild guess on who gave Marky Mark that special things in the credits. okay, your current movie star crush. this girl Isabella Montoya Diego. this man wants to do, do do-do-do Dora. anyways, Dora ends up being the one getting explored in this movie, and she gets kidnapped by the bad guys who hold her as ransom. they're searching for this uncharted, lost city of gold known as parapapa, and they know Dora's parents are the only Nathan Drake's who know where it is. this turns the movie into El Dorado meets Jumanji, but instead of the rock, it's you heading your that it is yelling like Kevin Hart about quicksand for it's a dodo chimichangas. and while there are points where the best, to me, isn't the funniest, but he had one bit after the quicksand scene, the heavy laughing so hard, it was as funny as that fleabag shower scene. I keep talking about. Vinicio Toto, who worked with Isabella in Soldado, is still playing the baddest guy here as he voices Swiper, which I thought was funny. and it was at this point that I realized I was not intoxicated enough to be watching this movie. but then the characters literally start tripping balls for me. they enter this patch of jellyfish looking tree flowers that gets them so high they turn into the cartoon. that almost pushed this movie from, or rent it to a junior price for me, if that bit wasn't cut too short, like they brought back the talking map. they had Dora exploring like a pro. they even had Danny Trejo boys blue bra I look, I thought they had switched the projector to match it. and any parent that hasn't seen is not watching what their kids watch. I said, shadows might deal for being a real-life hero. obviously, this is a quick 90-minute Dora episode that's just on the big screen, where you know Dora's gonna save the day and do what's best for pata pata. I'm actually really excited to rewatch all the goofy jokes when it's out in 4k. I know that there's gonna be a bunch of deleted scenes or one-off stay I've planned without a doubt, this is going to be getting a sequel, as I travel back to a time when I was excited to keep exploring with dork. that's a should he does is for a minute. y'all really kept the deleted scene in the final cut. thank you guys for watching this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. like I liked it, obviously, I would have preferred to see an extended cartoon trip scene instead of that Pena tripping scene. but this movie reminds me a lot of natural leave it like it's not a fantastic movie, but it's funny. like this is the best possible option for Dora, a movie that didn't take itself too seriously. I think it gets the essence of the transformation, or the adaptation, from the cartoon to live-action, of not making her like it's still the same character, like she's still that girl who just wants to explore. she's innocent. and in the setting that they put it in, I thought was hilarious. it was kind of like Black Knight when he ends up going back in time. or there's that other movie, this one right here, where they travel into the future. it's like a fish out of water type thing. I like those type of stories. I also like the fact they hired cultural consultants, and they even filmed in the rain forest, so it doesn't come off like a set like it does in other movies. and I actually built a huge slip-and-slide for this movie. like, I almost don't know if I'm more excited for the sequel or if I want to find a way to get on set. other than that, let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section. if you liked it. if you didn't, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and Swiper will stop swipe. 