so one of the best bits of Arkham origins was the forensic scanner, in which you could piece together a bit of a crime scene to make the overall picture. and I'm really glad that Rocksteady decided to adapt it, saying, as WB Montreal stole so much from their games, it's, it's really just a nice way of sort of seeing how Batman would look at a crime scene forensic ly and figure out exactly what had happened. you can sort of see shades of this within the Dark Knight, although it's not exactly, you know, bang on, but the way that he uses the the sonar and the the great detective scene in the in the Dark Knight where he looks at the bullets Kansa and works out which gun it's from, and then from there can piece together the fingerprints. and one after reader speak volumes to how like good of a detective Batman is, and why so far advanced beyond the police, because he has got all this great technology that allows them to piece together bits, similar to the long Halloween, which is very much a detective story. it's nice that they're, they remember the Dark Knight's roots obviously came from Detective Comics, Detective Comics, 27 1939, written by Bill Finger and Bob Kane. and it's great that they've, they played into those roots, because, know, they got the guy's a bloody great guy. I don't know what, I wasn't meant to be doing, yeah, because I was talking. but, you know, it's nice. but hair, this has all been a part of it. and one of the best detective of the vehicle comics, I actually think, is a single-issue. it's part of futures end from Detective Comics, I believe. and it centers around Batman and taking the Riddler into Arkham to sort of break everything at down. if you're sort of more of the cerebral side of Batman out, definitely recommend anything with the Riddler in. I like this game, you know, where he just leaves trophies about and sets up racehorses, you know, which stuff to the job. The Riddler would never do. a lot of them are very, you know, cerebral and psychological, especially ones like the caliber of the weapon is zero. yeah. this is part 1 of 0 as secret city, which sort of introduces the Riddler, but he's not the main villain of that. it actually centers around the Red Hood gang, which is Titan, the origin of the Joker. but the second part of it, Dark City, is when the the Riddler's taken over Gotham. it's in no-man's land, and he challenges that every like, citizens, everyday a riddles, and if they and so on, right, you'll set the city free. I know once managed to do it though. so, yeah, definitely recommend picking those up. there are, unfortunately, some stories like dog victory, which I mentioned earlier, in which the the riddle as a complete buffoon. but, yeah, there's a nice one. there's also Catwoman when in Rome, which the the Riddler paid plays a big part of. but he just comes across like an absolute idiot. and it's sort of, yeah, it's not, doesn't it's not really fair to the characters routes, because there are brilliant stories in which he is the Dark Knight sequel on so many levels. sorry, burly. so no matter how many times that happens, I always completely crap me pants. I should know by now. but whenever I say it, I was the director. we'll talk about is leather on leather wings, which was the first animated series Batman episode. and the animated series obviously has a huge influence on this game. saying is that it was the first time that Mark Hamill Kevin Conroy were cast in the roles of Batman and the Joker. and it's, it's really, I think it's an absolutely outstanding episode up so, you know, a lot of criticisms, mainly coming from IGN saying that they didn't like it, but I think it's absolutely brilliant. like everything down at the animations top-notch. it's the first time that the orchestra gets introduced, and it really cements the the the world and set up a lot of the aesthetics of this universe. like, there's a brilliant bit where Batman's down in the Batcave, and a doctor comes on, and he just, you can see just him switching in the Bruce Wayne persona, like the doctor calls him, and he just switches right anyways, like, oh, hey, what's up, duck? and then as soon as the phone hangs up, he's like, those bets, they are not that way. and it's really great to see the transition between the two. and you can sort of view them as two entities. like one of the brilliant things about Christopher Reeve Superman was when he was Clark Kent. the guy was a bumbling idiot. it was a complete buffoon. you just couldn't see him as Superman. yeah. as soon as those glasses come up, is really backwards. straight enough, he would, you know, he gained a backbone. and it really, you could see the transformation and almost view them as two separate entities be and it was so well put together, and that's mirrored in the way that Kevin Conroy plays Batman and Bruce Wayne. it's just a breathtaking episode. and it's, it's got all of the heights of Gotham. it introduces the blimps, and it's about Batman stopping man but and it's sort of a, it has horror elements to it. you see the transformation between the dr. Langstrom and his alter-ego, man-bat. it's just really, like, atmospheric. and I definitely recommend you, you watch it if you haven't seen it in a while. it still holds up today. it's on Amazon Prime, or you can buy the DVD collection. definitely recommend picking up Batman. bats re is one of my favorite Batman characters of the animated series. and it's it's great to see him reappear in this game. and over there, you can see the good ol Arkham City. I don't think that's a riddle, to be honest. and you've got the Wonder tower there, which is obviously where Batman had his final confrontation with Hugo. Strange, brilliant game. and watch my playthrough of the first couple of hours if you get a chance to. it's not as good as this one year. I wasn't as up on the editing yet, so it just kind of Rahman. but yeah, definitely check it out and get the game. get the remaster version of it, because it still holds up today. is one of the best about my games of all time. and you get autumn Asylum along with it. so take it. one of the best parts of this game is definitely this moment, I think, when you sort of just viewing exactly visiting the underground, and seeing all of the ways that Arkham Knight has been planning this out with scarecrow. and, you know, it's you sort of becoming aware slowly, of how much he hates you. I love how the Joker's just sort of starting over them now, when you're still getting flashbacks of them. this bit, though, don't really and this. and he was, I've scanned that area before. all that wasn't up there. and also, it comes around the side and shoots you hidden, like the intestines um in Batman, like, he just sprays the thing, and that's it. you never it, never needs to deal with it again. it would be great if you kept having moments where Batman was like, you know, about attack someone, and then he realizes, like, he's in so much pain because he's been shot on the side. no, lad, he never takes the bullet out, so I don't know exactly how how he's still walking around with a big piece of lead inside him. yeah, a nice little touch. nice guys. I know it's a comic book. yeah, I know it's not real. yeah, none of this is real, but they just, I just expected better realism in the place up what the hell. and so it's great how you you stuck in this zone until you realized that you've got your bloody best mate with you all the time. I know sometimes the Batmobiles a bit of a hindrance, especially when you fighting 700 waves of drones, which I've read it over 200 by mine. comics and a Korra member. that happened in the comic violet. I'm taking a bit a creative license on it. and but just moments like this, it's absolutely great, the fact that I just get you out of everything and, you know it. it is nice to have it there. when we were playing Arkham Asylum and Arkham City back in the day, we were moaning on all the time, going, I wish the Batmobiles here. and roxelle, you were like, well, you want your Batmobile, you can have it. you can have it every single moment of the day. yeah, I think I remember them saying that at e3 when they were pitching the game. so it is good that it's popped up. a lot of Batman stories feature the Batmobile, but there's not really a Batmobile centric storyline, which is a bit strange. however, in Batman v 1, volume 2, did they, they sort of, they talk about how Batman, you know, he's obviously got a team who builds all this stuff. there's no way one man could sit and build, like, all the Batcave and all the gadgets he has. and so they sort of a sign Lucius Fox's staff at Wayne Enterprise to work on stuff. and just say, it's like it's for millionaires, like they just like, oh, yeah, Batman ones, this is not just what we gave the game away. sorry. I mean, Bruce Wayne, your boss. he wants a car built and that sort of can thrive on water and fly. so, yeah, make sure you get that done. and then just as the lads are finishing it up, to draw suspicion away, they're like, oh, he's changed his mind. he doesn't want it anymore. I don't know if you've ever worked for a millionaire before, but I have. I'm a web designer, and my full-time job, and there it's great, because you've got a constant flow of work, because, you know, it's a guy with a lot of money. but they also changed their mind at like anyone's business. so that's sort of, is what comes across from Bruce Wayne's betrayal. you say, I want a pair of boots that allows you to walk on the walls of Gotham's sewer system. and then IRA will build that. and Lucius, we've done it. will built them. will build them. it took seven months, but we're finding it. oh yeah, Bruce has changed his mind. he didn't want that anymore. he actually wants a grapple garden of that also shoots of daisies in LA, right there. well, Batman wouldn't want that. but so he's definitely not Batman. and I'm sick of me life, but we'll build it. he's like, I know, use a sickening like, because you keep getting this work giving to you and then taking off. but, um, yeah, actually, the lads decided, because you've been such a good stuff, he's gonna give you a little pay rise. and I like, alright, well, we'll do it. so that's sort of an insight of what it's like working for someone rich. and it also explains how Batman gets the Batmobile bill, he gets all these gadgets play, and he operates without people really getting too suspicious. because if you knew your boss was Batman, though he was paying you a crapload of money all the time, he'd be like, I might, just might, just let the lad keep doing it. it's bit a bit of a funny bit, because he drives, drives. the bloody thing when he said, I love how that God thou had a arkham like voice modulator, though you can also get them for batman in ASDA. I seen one yesterday. the little helmet you put on and you sound like Batman from the movie Batman V Superman. so one for the kids, I mean, for your twenty nine-year-old brother, which might just be me. so make sure you get as one for Christmas. that's just a message to my sister, because, I know, I know, shorten seas, but, yeah, I don't know if it was very Batman drivings, you know, the Batmobile with a buddy 6900 inch tire. don't know if that's the size that, I realize halfway through that sentence, I'm not very sure that the size of these tires. but yeah, woody necessarily do that on a large head? probably not. he would probably do what he does in the Dark Knight Returns, which is take out a guy's body, up to a roof and just hang him over the edge. oh, hey, I just sort of had a riddle, like involving the fact that you have no hand. that's kind of why I was like, looking over your shoulder, scanning you. it's not because I'm weird or anything. it's actually, like, got called the riddle. I sort of, yeah, he's been making fun of your hand. we've all kind of noticed. I know you made it. I made a hook clear away. yeah, we all know. so this is one of the DLC add-ons involving the Mad Hatter, which I kind of want to talk about because the Mad Hatter, right? yeah. absolutely hate him as a villain. it's, I just think it's ridiculous that they even made the Mad Hatter into a Batman Bell. it's like, it's like picking up, you know, a Yukon thing of a villain. I'm trying to write a comic. I can't think of a bill. oh, what's this book in the library, Alice in Wonderland, right? just just pick a character out of that, put them in Batman. the comic got a deadline on Monday. we need it in. so, I've never really liked it. the guy always, sort of, his storylines always evolve, revolve around him kidnapping a blonde haired woman dressed neuromas Alice from Alice in Wonderland. sometimes she has a boyfriend that he beats up. maybe she just, but a man has to stop the mud how we're his soldiers up dressed like rabbits. and his hats that he put some people's head, they make them hypnotized by a mind control is another thing that I always hate, absolutely hate mind control, because it's such a crap part of a story. but anyway, I digress. the reason I'm recording it is not to slag the light off. Scott Snyder has completely changed my mind on the character. and like I said, I didn't really like he liked the guy at all. not Scott Snyder. all of that guy matter. but in all-star Batman, in Rob it's also a Batman, not also Batman and Robin, which it's terrible. and also Batman, Scott Snyder has done a story called into the earth in which Batman sort of travels around trying to stop a virus. on his way, he encounters Mad Hatter. Mad Hatter's like, looking a little [ __ ] your you know my hats? yeah, they they control people's minds that make them see what they want to see. don't know if you remember me, but we actually met once when you would just return to Gotham. you are part of Wayne enterprise, and, you know, you turned me down. you didn't like my idea. he's like, yes, I remember that. anyway, it turns out that the Mad Hatter had developed a hawk that, when you put it on. it allowed you the skin the world as you saw fit. similar a snapchat felt as similar sort of VR. you could use this thing and it would pick up on your fantasies and make you see the world in the way you've seen it in the flashbacks. Batman's Bruce Wayne. so he's been wearing a bloody hat. so, um, yes, he's mad. hat is like, look, you, you probably don't remember what actually give you that hat that you had, correct? wise, it's not working. I give me that hat and we get controlled on this. I'm very good it's sort of ruining me moment in it explaining this. so you you don't remember, but I gave you that hat, and you've actually, what happened was, you wanted to be Batman, but you, you paralyzed yourself, and you've been sat in a chair, like a wheelchair. you can't move, but you've got this hat on that makes you think about your Batman. and he starts explaining how all of Batman's enemies, like the Joker and Bane, there are actually just people as psychiatrists, you know, the doctors, trying to help and heal Bruce Wayne and take him out of this world. because the Mad Hatter says, unfortunately, when I developed the Hat, I didn't realize how addictive it would be, and you refused to take it off and accept the world as it is. in Batman to say. and even as a reader, I was like, bloody hell. the last 75 years of Batman history have been a lie. he's just a lad sat in a chair getting hypnotized, and it's been on snapchat too long. he's, he's obsessed with all that you want. so this is an absolutely brilliant story, and spoilers coming up. clap man goes, well, if that is the case, and I am stuck in this virtual reality world, then it means that if I kill you, then nothing. there's going to be no consequences, because you are not real, obviously. the Mad Hatter, it's like our crowd, who's gonna kill it. he starts beating the crap out of them. and Mad Hatter's like, okay, sorry, concern here. lighting it. you are. you're real. I'm sorry, but it's just a really nice twist. I and as I was breathing, I was like, wow, Scott Snyder has taken this goofy character that I really didn't like, and he's managed to change him into something that a massively respect. so definitely, it's just come out as a hardcover. I definitely recommend that you pick up all-star Batman, both volume 1 and volume 2, because they're absolutely outstanding. haven't read much of the the issues in the lead up to volume 3, but you know, it's Scott Snyder, it's gonna be great work. so make sure you go pick that up. and interestingly, that story with the Mad Hatter ties in to racial Ghul. he's sort of developed the virus, you find out, and he's unleashing it on the city. of course, you know, Batman, he's not too thick, so, but you see, Scott, he's got this stuff planned out, but the only right door has no power. actually done this mission before. um, yeah. you see a scene where racial ghoul shoots Batman in the head, he unleashes the virus, and he kills the entire world, and he finally wins. and then you realize that tying back into a little virus, the little Mad Hatter, I think Donnie's head, so he thinks he's won. so it's a really nice little finish to the story. it's a full arc issue, and I just think it's absolutely breathtaking. basically, I 100% recommend that you pick it up and get yourself away. and here is Rachel ghoul in his lovely, lovely, humble abode. it's very fasting, though. and I definitely recommend you check out birth of the demon, I think it is, in which it tells the origin story of racial Ghul. he basically started off as an advisor to the salt centuries ago. the Sun was, it was a bit of a head um, but, you know, he was his advisor, so he had a look after him. anyway, the the Sultan got ill, so the son got ill from a virus. and raesha discovered and developed the Lazarus pity to bring him back from the edge of death. unfortunately, in the Lazarus Pit there lies a certain madness. and once you are fully revived, and you go mad for a certain amount of time. and the Sun, Sun come out and killed Rachele girls wife. and the somethings father obviously been heavily biased towards his son, was fine outcast race. and then racial cool sort of had to to delve into the relay service pit himself. and he goes from a good man to a bad man. and he uses the virus once more. this is when they sort of discover and micro viruses and things like that. and obviously, it was a time before science. it was a thousand years ago. and he uses this weapon to take out all of the Sultan and his followers without even raising a finger, really. and it really shows the the methodical thinking of racial Ghul. and I definitely recommend you to check that hours. it's such a good, in interesting origin story. and that summarizes my third playthrough of Arkham connect, starring Batman. I hope you having a good time with it. I'm I'm really good time so recapping everything and going through the graphic novels. and if you are having a great time, I'd really appreciate it if you can subscribe to my channel. I post things like this all the time. I've recently done a video review of the Dark Knight Returns, where I'm analyzing an issue-by-issue. and I definitely recommend that year you just check it out. if you like Batman and stuff like me, if you bit of a loser like me, then check it out. or if you're a cool guy, check it out as well. so thanks very much for checking everything out, and I hope to see you next time. take care. peace you 