[Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. welcome to slash forward, the channel we provide summarization and commentary for all your favorite popular obscure horror Lee's Merry Christmas. we're taking a breather from the final destination series so we can stay on theme and think Santa Claus. we've been blessed with the gift of Krampus. until then, the sub-genre of Christmas themed horror movies seemed a bit thin, except that it absolutely was not. there are lots of solid offerings here. and we're gonna dive into one of the alternatives. it's not discussed often, but seems to be well regarded when it does come up. it's the 2010 finished film. rare exports. should it be more widely known? let's take a look and decide. we open on the group of men doing some light excavating at the top of a small to moderate sized mountain, overlooking a rural norwegian town. we come upon the group as they make an unusual discovery. they've reached the depth of 1300 feet and found sawdust. that doesn't make sense. it does. okay? we find out the mountain is like a giant icebox you just have to drill down to unlock its secrets. well, fine, given this, the sponsor of this affair provides the foreman with new instructions for the men, which includes refraining from foul language in washing behind the ears. but he never specifies if it counts. just let the shampoo rinse off into the area. he states they're standing on a giant burial ground, and that, given its December 1st, they have 24 days to uncover it, leaving it up to them to infer his meaning. two young boys who were looking on retreat down the mountain safely outside the fence. Peter expresses his disappointment in finding out that Santa is either dead or not real. that is a lot to take in, truthfully. they go to their respective homes. over a backdrop of mountaintop blasting. Peter gets to work, studying up on what can only be described as an amazing collection of old school Santa material contained in his rural home, which happens to be close to the base of the excavation site. now, one day to Christmas, Peter's father's engaged in the holiday preparations, busily working to hone the points of his Christmas Day poking sticks, we discover he's actually setting a trap for some sort of large predatory animal. as he covers the hole and dangles a yummy Boar's Head over it. but when Peter wakes up, he takes a look at his reverse advent calendar, and then takes a glance at the window. he sees footprints in the snow outside, an unsettling discovery. he then demonstrates the depths to which his Viking blood flows as he walks around outside in his underwear. Peters in a bit of a pickle, though. we come to find out that his father is a butcher and doesn't want him to come in and see the gruesome scene. but the previously set trap was for a wolf, and Peter doesn't want to get eaten, a reasonable dilemma, which Peter solves by entering without watching as his father really works the crotch on this carcass. Peter verifies that his dad hasn't been hanging out on the roof, so the footprints aren't his. with that partially settled, they get ready for the town round up, an event where they bring in the reindeer crop for the year. Peter gets a bitchin rifle to run around with as they prepare to watch the reindeer herd arrive. unfortunately, only two deer show up to the murder party. ah, bummer. they go off in search of the herd, and luck out, they found them and their pre masticated. the trail of eviscerated remains leads them to the excavation site. they spent some time trying to sort out the situation. the adults assume the blasting riled up the wolf population, and the boys assumed their fence hole let the Wolves out too in the herd. the problem is that the site is technically across the Russian border, so there is risk and crossing. however, after an accounting of the size of their loss, router decides they don't have much to lose at this point and charges up the hill. when they reach the top, they find the site abandoned. there's not much to be learned, as the only remains are a sparse cabin and a giant, gaping hole from which they pulled something. as dad makes Christmas dinner, Petr shares his research with his friend, villagers tired of Saint Nick snatching their kids for committing the simplest of sins lured him to a lake where they trapped him in ice. they dug him out in the summer and cold packed him in the burial mound that eventually turned into the mountain. Peter and his dad share a moment, and then Peter falls asleep while on guard, having armed himself and donned the best protection he could find to prevent errant a slashings. in a brief cutscene, we find out the men have abandoned their post because the object of their endeavor was still alive, and the workers began disappearing as a result. net crap was creeping them out. on Christmas morning, we learned more about unusual Norwegian traditions, which includes a bear trap in the fireplace. while relieving himself, Peter seized. the bait is off the hook, over the trap. dad goes out to take a peek and finds that he's captured a real-life werewolf. except by the time he's arrived, it's turned back into a regular man. the dad calls in his buddy. I'm going to avoid saying names as much as possible. this guy's name is spelled like this. I have no idea how to anglicize them as they racked their brains trying to figure out a way out of this situation, if they realize they're inside a butcher's workshop. Peter spends some time in the pit and finds a sweet burlap sack. inside it is an old, good guy doll built in Satan's workshop. brightest a men in sight, prepared to separate the arm their guests to clients. he's showing signs of life. and as peter approaches, gets his sniffer, sniffing weird. but we don't get a chance to examine this further, as peter runs off and Flags down a police officer. his dad follows along and manages to catch up with them at a neighbor's house. through a tentative conversation, they confirm that Peter doesn't seem to have run off for fear of his father, and that a lot of strange things have been occurring all over town. everyone's radiators are missing, and all the potatoes are now sackless. Peters the first to inquire about the children. he goes to check on his friend and finds one of the creepy dolls in this place. back at the shop. this guy is snacking on some gingerbread and recognizes some involuntary responses from the stranger. when he gets within kissing distance, he ends up losing a chunk of year worth our friend up. now they begin to interrogate him a bit more seriously. based on the passport they found, they assume he's American and one of the excavators. however, they're unable to elicit a response in either language, so they begin to brandish their poking sticks in the hopes they can jab a response out of him. meanwhile, Peter is calling the rest of the children and discovering how casually Villages parents, none of them have seen their kids, but they all assume they're just out running around town. the men are out of ideas for getting a response from their pal, until Peter arrives and the stranger comes alive. Peter seems to immediately realize the stakes here, and attempts to prostrate himself before father to atone for his sins. unfortunately for him, Danny's gone soft with Peter, now a part of the group. the strangers up an alert and intently staring into Peter's soul. Peter verbalizes his suspicions for the others and introduces this gentleman to Santa Claus, dug up from the top of the mountain. refusing to take any unnecessary risk, so they preemptively shoot him and tie him up. as they consider their next steps, a radio from the discarded clothing they found with him crackles to life. they hear someone asking about the status of Santa Claus. still thinking about their significant financial loss, they communicate back, suggesting they have him and are willing to give him back for a price. they arrived at the spot and are greeted by a familiar face. they quickly come to terms and begin discussing money. he demands proof first, so they show him the cargo. when he takes a look, he realizes something that's not dawned on anyone else yet. this is actually one of Santa's helpers, not the big man himself. recognizing that he walked into a potential minefield, he immediately begins rattling off the rules for them as a helicopter pilot is dragged off by an unseen danger, which then becomes an excessively seen danger, as the group finds themselves surrounded in the darkness by a bunch of unexpected and unnecessarily naked old men. they run for cover in a nearby hangar and discover what happened to the radiators and potato sacks. Santa's helpers are trying to defrost him in time for Christmas so he can sit in judgment of the town's population of children. and considering that the parents each independently assume their children were out carousing when they couldn't find them, but we can guess this doesn't bode well for them. Peter, armed with knowledge, thus completing the first half of the battle, takes charge of the group and enacts a plan. knowing the helpers won't leave the children, he plans to use them to draw the helpers away, while the others use the available dynamite to blow Santa Claus to smithereens gingerbread is used to distract the helpers. as a side note, I know they're elves, but in the name of Legolas, I cannot bring myself to say it. also, in an abundance of caution, I may have over blurred some of these shots. they're dark and it's really hard to tell what's what. so they can commandeer the helicopter. they round up all the children and fly off. on the others, drill holes in the ice and plug them with sticks and dynamite. then they grab a souvenir and take off. meanwhile, we see that the aim is to guide the helpers into the reindeer pen, but the gates been left closed. finding his courage, Peter sacrifices himself to save the children and opens the gate, right as a giant herd of naked old men begins to overtake him. is at this moment that they triggered the dynamite, ending Christmas. from the rest of with the head elf now gone, we see that the helpers had become aimless and docile. a happy ending for all, well, except for the helpers. after an unnerving discussion of their potential monetary value, they get cleaned up and taught the proper way to behave around children and now for a rehabilitative purposes, but so that they can be boxed up and shipped to areas that presumably have few restrictions on what would appear to any outsider as selling human beings. dark turn movie. and there you have it, a Christmas themed horror film that revolves around the legend of evil Santa is not Krampus. which isn't to denigrate Krampus, but just to accentuate that we need more movies like this. the origin story of Santa Claus is rich with horror potential asks for rare exports. I wouldn't like to have seen Santa out of the ice, but they likely didn't have the budget for it. based on how they built and left to be a giant monster. the film still has a good amount of suspense in dark tones, and is well worth adding to any holiday themed collection. I hope this video demonstrated that. thanks for watching. [Music]. 