hey guys. welcome to part two of the paranormal activities series explained. in part one, we discussed the origins of the evil force haunting katie and christy. we saw that the story is centered around a coven that brainwashes little girls into giving up their firstborn son to a demon called toby. in this video, we'll look at the latest 3 movies, where we get some time travel and teleportation that reveals new angles of the story. and this is the video i really wanted to do because there are a lot more interesting events than the first one. paranormal activity 4 is set 5 years after the first movie. it starts out on halloween at the nelson family here. alex, a high school student, is our main character, along with ben, a family friend. as alex takes her little brother, wyatt, out for trick-or-treating, she learns about a new, mysterious neighbor that just moved in. they have a kid that's the same age as wyatt, and even though he's pretty young, they always see him walking around town alone without his parents. there's that kid again. yeah, it is. all right. you guys are all the way home from the park the next evening alex, ben and their friends have a party where they play with their xbox 360. connect. that night, alex and ben go outside into the playhouse in the garden, where they get surprised by the new kid randomly sitting there. there's just [ __ ] everywhere. wow, dude. they find out his name is robbie, and send him back to his house across the street. we cut to a skype call between alex and ben, when we suddenly hear sirens as multiple police cars arrive at robbie's house. are you right? the explanation we're given is that his mother is sick and needs to go to the hospital. since the nelson family are good neighbors, they decide to take care of her child in the meantime. so now this strange kid will stay with alex for the next two days. he comes over and unpacks his stuff and shows her that he has a stuffed animal that is 100 years old and a magical fork. what does it do that's so special? um, it tells the future. whatever you say, kid. and not long after, weird things start to happen. the next morning, ben shows their skype call to alex, because he records all of their conversations, and you recorded me sleeping again. it was my computer. it didn't launch. oh, my god. nothing to do with you think i just sit here and stare at it. yeah. anyways, in the recording, they see robbie getting into bed with alex. and as if that's not weird enough, alex's mother reveals that robbie will stay even longer than they initially thought. during the day, wyatt and robbie are playing in the treehouse. they tell alex that they have a secret friend that no one but them can see, much like katie did in the past. that night, they're all once again playing with the kinect, and ben shows them something pretty cool that they can do with it. okay, here we go. oh, that's awesome. what's so awesome? when they watch the replay of what they recorded, they noticed the vague outline of a person that was never there. but they just brush it off as an optical illusion or a broken connect the following night, alex walks around the house because she heard some noises, and of course, robbie is out of bed, staring at the kinect, whispering to someone. when alex asks him what he's doing, something passes by the camera. she shows this to ben, and they both begin to grow suspicious and decide to set up some cameras. on the days that follow, we see wyatt and robbie playing with their imaginary friend, who they called toby. then on night 6, alex looks over to robbie's house, even though nobody should be there. multiple cars are seen parked outside. alex goes to investigate and enters through the front gate, but is quickly confronted by someone. completely shocked, she runs back to her house. later on, we see that robbie drew a bunch of weird symbols on wyatt, one of which is the symbol of the coven that we've seen in the earlier movies. at first, alex and ben think it's some random doodles, but when they noticed that they saw the same symbols in a previous recording, they research it a little more. they find out that it's used to welcome a demonic possession. it also says that the ritual of possession requires the blood sacrifice of a virgin. you're [ __ ]. you're [ __ ] too. no, i'm not. yes, i have, like three times. a few days later, while robbie and white are playing. they run off to robbie's house, knowing that there are some pretty weird things happening over there. alex goes after them, only to find them playing in an empty home. she gets white and tries to walk out, but runs into somebody i was supposed to be babysitting. we haven't seen katie since she stole hunter at the end of the second film, by the way. well, now that robbie's mother is back, he will no longer have to stay with alex. the next day, white reveals that katie knew that both him and robbie are adopted, and that his previous family needs him back. night 10 comes around, and we see why. in the living room, talking to toby. while doing this, something else is slowly coming up behind him. as he's talking to the demon, wyatt denies that his name is hunter. no, it's not. my name is wyatt. it's not hunter. this leads us to believe that after the events of paranormal activity 2, katie ran off with hunter, but lost him somehow. eventually, he got adopted by a new family who changed his name to wyatt. katie then moved in as the neighbor, only to somehow get hunter or wyatt. that evening, white goes into alex's room and makes her levitate. this shows that he's already further involved with the coven. things slowly start to escalate when the demon traps alex in the garage and starts the car engine. but luckily, alex manages to escape. afterwards, she gets upset with her parents because they won't believe her when she says that it goes close the garage door. the next day, her dad decides to take her out to dinner, which leaves the mother alone with hunter. seeing this, katie breaks into their home and, with the help of toby, kills the mom out of nowhere. ben rushes over to alex to tell her all about what he learned about the symbols. he tries to use her computer to leave her message, but that doesn't end so well. later during the night, while alex and her father drive back, they see katie taking wyatt into her home. is that your mom and wyatt right there? that's robbie's mom. the father follows katie while alex goes back into her house. that's when she makes the discovery of ben's dead body. she runs outside and goes into katie's house and sees her father getting dragged away. she goes into a room and calls out for her brother. but katie hears this and starts chasing after her. [Applause]. alex quickly flees the house and finds her brother. when she asks him to leave with her, he doesn't move. wait, come on. we need to go right now. come with me. come on. when alex turns around, she sees like a hundred women of the cabin all walking towards her. she tries to run away, but gets killed by katie. so now the demon finally got hunter. but what actually happens after the coven finally gets the firstborn son? well that's something that the next two movies answer. after paranormal activity 4, we got the marked ones, the first movie to really branch away from the katy story. it gives us an almost entirely new mystery while still adding on to the original story. and it was surprisingly good. the mark 1 starts in 2012 during the high school graduation of jesse, our protagonist. the family records the graduation and the after party at their house. during the party, we hear them mention their deranged downstairs neighbor who they call crazy anna. newspaper, [Music], she lives right under me. for his graduation, jesse gets some money that he spends on a used camera to vlog with. in his recordings were introduced to one of his friends, hector. that night, while jesse and hector have fun in their home, they hear weird noises from crazy anna's apartment. they tie a gopro to a cable and let it down a vent, which allows them to see into one of her rooms. oh, she ate. listen. no, no, yeah, wait, wait, i see, i see. he's like, i see. i just saw there. they see a younger woman and anna standing there completely naked. anna then starts painting the coven mark onto the woman's body, revealing that she's a part of the group and recruiting new members right from her home. the next night, hector and jesse want to light a firework dangerously close to the apartment. however, they get interrupted by oscar, who comes rushing by them like he's running away from someone. the police arrive soon after and discover that anna has been killed. and soon after, oscar goes missing. one day later, while the boys are getting high, they go into anna's apartment, which is an abandoned crime scene. they see that it's completely trashed. there, they find a strange notebook about the coven and decide to take it. suddenly, oscar's brother, arturo appears and tells them to leave. back upstairs, they flip through the mysterious journal and discover that it contains a section on time travel and teleportation. if you build this door, it's like a you could travel through time. man, she could travel through time. why the hell she's staying the shitty ass apartment? they can allegedly teleport themselves to another time and place if they follow a certain ritual. but they can only travel to what is called unholy places. just for fun. hector jesse and his sister marisol try it out, but it doesn't seem to work. not long after, crazy things start to happen to jesse, and this time it's different from the other movies. one morning, jesse finds a bite mark on his arm, something we've learned will not end well. later, the group uses a toy that lights up with different colors to communicate with spirits, and it actually answers all of their questions correctly. am i holding the ace? of hearts. [Music]. this proves that an entity is among them. the following night, jesse and hector are confronted by two thugs who tried to mug them. they start beating up jesse, but he's able to blast them away with some sort of supernatural power. soon after, the guys test what kind of things they can do with his abilities. that night, they crash a party and meet two girls. they take them to jesse's place, but realize their grandmaster there. not wanting to pass off the opportunity, jesse takes them to anna's apartment instead. while jessie's out looking for a condom. the girl discovers a hidden door on the floor. when she opens it, she gets grabbed by an arm. we see that oscar, the boy who went missing, was down there. when jesse returns, he takes the camera and looks around the house and finds oscar in the bathroom. oscar tells him that anna put something evil inside of him that made him kill her. he tells jessie that he too has the same thing in his body, as indicated by the bite mark. they have the same mark. oscar says that the only way to stop yourself from hurting others is to kill yourself. he then runs away, after which we see him leap to his death from a tall building. they go back into anna's apartment and discover pictures of jessie and his mother being pregnant with him. in the photo, she's standing next to anna, as well as grandma lois from the third movie. this means that jesse's mom was also a part of the coven, and since he's the firstborn son, he was promised to be given up to the witches. later, jesse begins to feel really unwell and finds thin black strings he can pull from his eyes. when he looks at himself in the mirror. for only a few frames, we see jesse's real form, which shows that he's slowly being possessed by a demon. they want to know what's going on, and decide to go to oscar's brother, arturo. with his permission. they search oscar's room and find a wall of clues. it turns out that oscar had researched the witches and the ritual of the firstborn son's possession. the last time i seen my brother, he said there was others like you said they were all marked. said, these witches trying to build an army or some [ __ ]. among the research, they see an article about ali ray, the only survivor from paranormal activity. too soon after, jesse begins to act even more strange and attacks a random guy and a sharp owner for no apparent reason. he fears that he's slowly losing control of his body, which is not exactly good for someone with superhuman powers. marisol and hector noticed the change and managed to meet with ally to ask her what's going on. she tells them about the coven and how they will use jessie in a ritual as a vessel for a demon. the midwipes will mark an unborn male in utero, and then they wait for the baby to mature until he's ready to be possessed. when they go back home, jesse's grandmother tries to cleanse the evil inside him with a religious method, but it's clear that jesse is too powerful, and he's easily able to fight back by levitating in mid-air and trashing their apartment. he then passes out and they put him to bed. the next morning, jesse doesn't feel any better and almost kills his grandmother during the evening hector and marisol tried to go to the hospital to visit their grandma. however, their car breaks down in an alley. they see the possessed jesse standing in the middle of the road, walking towards them. he begins attacking hector, but marisol manages to knock him out with a baseball bat. they put the unconscious jessie in the car and start driving. about a minute later, they get into a traffic accident with a cover member who steals jesse and drives away. marisol finds out where they're taking jessie by asking ally. however, they clearly need help. they turn to arturo and his friend, who decided to help them as revenge for oscar. and for the first time, one of the characters actually comes prepared. they head to the place of the ritual, which turns out to be lois's house from the third movie. there they get attacked by the crazy witches who are wielding knives. arturo shoots at them while hector and marisol run into the house. even though the house is mostly empty. hector finds a room where the ritual seems to have taken place. when he tries to show it to marisol, he finds her dead on the floor. soon after, he encounters the possessed jesse, who starts chasing him. hector runs away and locks himself in a room where the only exit is a big wooden door with markings on it. when jesse manages to break into the room, hector is forced to use the ominous doorway as an escape. the camera goes dark for a few seconds, after which we see that he's now in the house of katie and mika. so he time traveled to the place where the first movie ended. there, hector sees katie walking in a transform upstairs to get a knife. she eventually catches him and starts screaming. mika runs downstairs and attacks him, but katie stabs mika to death. hector tries to flee, but gets surprised by the demonic jesse and drops his camera. this brings us to the final film in the franchise, the ghost dimension, where toby is only one step away from becoming real and walking the earth. [Applause]. this one starts in 1988. at the end of the third film. as you probably remember, this is when lois snaps dennis backwards to kill him. lois then takes katie and christy upstairs to meet with a man named kent. she tells the girls that he will be their teacher, and he instantly starts talking about toby and how the girls lives will turn out. christy, you're going to grow up and you're going to have a son who is one of the chosen. and katie, your gift is your strength. we jump to the year 2013, in santa rosa at the fleek's house, which is at the same location where the third movie began. it's christmas time. while ryan and emily are with her daughter layla in their new home, ryan's brother mike and their friend skyler arrive and join them for a few days later, while setting up the christmas decorations, they find a box of old stuff from the previous residents. what is that? in it? there's a big camera as well as tapes from katie and christy from when they were younger. even though they cleaned the camera, it shows all of these weird distortions. it also lets them see a strange mist in the middle of the room, which they can't see with the naked eye. during the night, they start watching the tapes, they found one of the recordings shows kent asking christy what she sees. based on the bizarre descriptions, ryan realizes that she's describing his daughter's current room, even though the tape was recorded at least a decade before she was even born. she just described leela's room, not, oh my god, man, you're so she's describing leela's room. soon after, their daughter, laila, starts acting pretty strange. one late night, they find her crawling around the bushes. and later, ryan catches her playing bloody mary in the bathroom while her hand is bleeding. after they learn that the previous house that was here mysteriously burned down, ryan gets intrigued and sets up his cameras to see if he can find anything. during the night, a dark form appears next to leyla's bed. she then wakes up and begins talking to him. when ryan and emily see this in the recording, they ask her about it. she says that it's her friend toby. then when they see a tape where katie mentions toby, they get freaked out. these girls have grown up a little bit, and we have a ponytail. hmm. all right. so on night two, ryan and mike stay awake and go into layla's room. suddenly, a demonic face appears in the window and flies towards ryan, knocking him over. the parents grow increasingly worried about their daughter's behavior, but don't know what to do. on night number four, the guys watch another tape in which katie describes the exact room that you are standing in. i see people, brothers. i pretty sure. i think they're brothers. so she can clearly see into the future. the next day, they see that layla drew some sort of doorway above her bed that has many symbols on it, similar to the door and the marked ones. they investigate the symbols and find out about the coven. they learn that it goes all the way back to the middle ages, and they are devil worshippers. ryan then finds out that katie actually sold them the house, the same katy they saw in the tapes. are saying that they've never heard of her, she never worked for them. later on, ryan learns about hunter's connection to the coven and his disappearance. he notices that hunter and layla have the same birthday, making him think that whatever is happening at the house is not a coincidence. they continue digging through the tapes and discover that hunter, who wasn't born until 2006, appears in the video from 1992. and this just leaves them completely perplexed. that night, some sort of tunnel forms above leyla's bed, in the same area where she drew the symbols as a frame. she goes inside and stays in there for a few hours. the rest of the family wake up and search for her, but can't seem to find her. after some time, layla is back on her bed, where the others are sure they've looked before. now they've had enough and decide to leave and go to a nearby hotel. a little while later, ryan and skylar return, only to get some personal things there. skyler stumbles upon ryan's research and finds out that the coven uses the blood of two first borns born on the same day in order to give a demon a human body. when they try to leave, they see the door wide open and discover that leila walked all the way back to the house and into her bed. desperate for help, they call the local priest, father todd. he believes that there is a way to help her, but it's very risky. we need an extermination. they try this, but the demonic force seems to be too powerful. the demon then kills father todd, after which it attacks the family. while they're fighting the demon, layla runs away again. emily runs after her, and when she reaches her bedroom, she enters the tunnel above her bed. after going through it, emily time travels back to the third movie. she goes through the house, but gets confronted by a few demonic looking children. they tell her that the ritual is already complete. toby is real. when she finds layla, toby slowly approaches emily, squats in the corner and begs for mercy. and even though toby already got what he wanted, he still kills her. and that's the end of the series. oh, you got to be kidding me. and that's the end of the series. okay, i'm gonna, i'm gonna check this out. okay, i'm here at my grandmother's. this place is super weird. [Music], it's there. let's turn on the night vision here. nothing here. oh, my god, it scared me here. all right, i wanted to thank you guys for 8 000 subscribers. the channel's been growing a lot recently. so thank you for watching and subscribing. but uh, let's finish the video. i think even though the ghost dimension wasn't the best movie in the franchise, it still provided a good explanation for what happens after paranormal activity 4. the coven gets the kids in order to use them in a ritual to give a demon a human body. so that's the entire paranormal activity series explained, all the way from the coven brainwashing katie and christy to giving up their firstborn son, to them getting hunter to start making toby real, and finally getting leyla, which enables them to complete the process. so let me know where you think it will go after that. anyways, i hope you liked it and that i get to see you guys in the next video. bye. 