[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a comedy horror film, dead snow. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. at a silent night in the woods covered with snow, a girl is running like her life depends on it. then a shadow jumps at her, attacks her and feasts on her body while she is screaming in huge pain. the next day, a group of young people come to a wooden cabin located in these snow-covered mountains for a vacation. beggar's girlfriend, the owner of the cabin, will join them later, since she wants to ski there by herself. vegard and everyone go out for a play in the snow, then come back to the cabin at night for more fun games. a blonde girl goes to the humble toilet outside the cabin and sees a creepy figure flits past the toilet. the group decides to check around the cabin. after the blonde tells them about what she saw. nothing is found. however, they are startled by a mysterious hiker who pays a sudden visit and begins to tell a history about these mountains. there was a troop of ruthless german soldiers stationed here during world war ii. they killed local people and robbed their valuables. locals uprose and terminated most german soldiers. when germany lost the war, a captain led the survived soldiers to escape into these mountains with the fortune they robbed and never be seen by anyone ever again. after that incident, rumors about scary ghosts in this area spread. the hiker fails to persuade the young people to leave the mountain because the youngsters take his story like a baseless tale. after the hiker leaves the cabin and returns to his own tent, he is disturbed by a noise outside, so he grabs a shotgun quickly and investigates. someone flashes past him and slits his throat lightning fast. he limps back to the tent, but the murderer follows in and eats his entrails. after having a nightmare about his girlfriend dying in the snow, beggar decides to look for his girlfriend. the next morning, he doesn't find any trace of his girlfriend, but is horrified to discover the dead hiker, who has the same death look as he described in his story last night. outside the tent, a track of footprints with the blood draw vegard's attention. and he follows the footprints while calling out his girlfriend's name. unluckily, he falls through the snow into a cave and is knocked unconscious. at the same time, the others are drinking in the cabin, a greasy boy finds an old wooden box while looking for more beers. to everyone's surprise, the box is full of valuables and golden trinkets from world war ii. they grab and play with the golds and continue to party. a gold coin falls from greasy's pocket on the snow when he goes to the toilet. a girl, who gets hooked by greasy's greasy hormones, goes after him into the stinky toilet to play a sweet, fast, but noisy hormone game, causing them to ignore a mysterious peeping tom completely who approaches near and picks up the dropped coin with a rotten, pale hand. two minutes later, with the water pouring time included, greasy returns to the cabin, leaving the unsatisfied girl in the stinky toilet alone to enjoy the last hormone flavor. however, she's satisfied to see a terrifying phase through the gap of the wood planks, and soon gets attacked by the zombie. though she escapes from the toilet, she still gets taken away. on her way to the cabin for help, a brunette hears the girls moans and suggests everyone look for the girl after she turns off the music. instead of a girl, they find vigrad's girlfriend's rucksack buried in the snow. the brunette sees the face of the disappeared girl outside the window, while the others are trying to figure out what's going on. soon the brunette realizes it is not the girl's face, but her head, separated from her body. the blonde doesn't believe what the brunette says, until a zombie suddenly grasps her hair through a window. the brunette saves the blonde by cutting her hair, but missing her head, unfortunately. and the group all start panicking and try to defeat the zombies that come all around the cabin. the brunette cut off a hand of a zombie who punches through a window and tries to open the door. from the hand cut off, they finally realize that they are attacked by zombies. some zombies drag greasy out of a window and make him the greasy soap, while the others are blocking the broken door. it's only four of them left, and they make a plan that the two girls run down the mountain to get help, while the two boys, martin and roy, stay behind to distract zombies. vegard wakes up eventually and makes it to the surface. he makes a torch and searches the cave. the deep he goes, the more he discovers. there are weapons from world war ii, a nazi flag, german helmets and his girlfriend's head, the girl that died at the very beginning. and he figures out that the cave must be the den of the disappearing german soldiers. from the hiker story, it's revealed that after all these years, the soldiers have turned into zombies. a zombie hits vegard out of a sudden and pushes him out of the cave, where vegard kills the zombie using a helmet. however, before he can get a break, another zombie rises under the snow and attacks fearguard. vegard is knocked from a cliffside by the first zombie. after he kills the second one, he is bitten in the neck by the zombie. whilst the two hang from the cliff using a zombie's noodle intestine as a rope, vagard headbutts the zombie and climbs back up. the two girls are lost while escaping, and decide to run in opposite directions to avoid zombies that are coming for them. the blonde gets knocked unconscious soon and awakens to a zombie eating her guts. she activates a stick grenade that blows up herself and the zombie. the explosion attracts the zombie captain and his zombie troop. the brunette hides up on a tree where a zombie, damn bird, however, gets pissed off by the uninvited tree visitor and therefore exposes her as to the two following zombies. she kills a zombie with a tree branch. when she jumps down, cornered to the cliffside by the other zombie. she then breaks the ice edge and falls off of a cliff. luckily, the brunette survives as she lands on thick snow. meanwhile, vegard stitches his wounds and mounts a machine gun to a snowmobile, he finds. he then races back to the cabin. martin and roy are stuck back in the cabin where roy makes a flame bottle, planning to burn all the zombies. with his poor aiming ability, roy throws the bottle at a wall, which lights the cabin and exposes their location to the zombie captain. finally, martin remembers his phone and calls the police, who hang up his call after hearing his absurd story. after escaping from the burning cabin, the two discover all sorts of tools in the hormone smelly toilet. they pick up some power tools and begin their fight against the zombie army beggart arrives in time start shooting and quickly kills all zombie on sight. however, another wave of zombies attack and kill vegard. during the chaos, after vegard's death, the enraged martin accidentally kills his girlfriend, the brunette, who has returned to the cabin. more zombies come to attack. when martin is too shocked to move after killing his hormone partner, he is bitten on the arm by a zombie. to prevent himself from getting infected, he cuts off his wounded arm without any fear, and then seals the bleeding by burning his flesh and fire, believing he's pretty safe now. he never expects that a zombie pops out of the snow suddenly and bites him right on his frozen [ __ ]. in massive pain and fear of losing his hormone ability forever, martin gives up the idea of cutting it off, as he just did to his wounded arm. after a long battle, the only zombie still standing is the zombie captain. but this is not the final victory for martin and roy. with a roar of the captain, countless zombies are awakened from all over the mountain. whilst running from hundreds of new attackers, roy is hit in the head by a hammer and killed by the captain, who retrieves a watch from roy's pocket. martin sees all these and realizes that the zombies are here to get back their treasures, rather than collect their poor hormone weapons. upon knowing the zombies real intent, martin retrieves the treasure box from the burnt down cabin and hands it to the captain. the zombies withdraw after they get what they want, quickly martin runs down the hill to a car and ready to start the engine. however, he sees the zombie captain appears outside the car window. when a gold coin drops from his pocket to the car floor. it is his girlfriend who put the coin in his pocket when they were partying last night. martin turns his head towards the window in fear and despair, seeing the zombie captain is about to smash the car window. this is daniel cc movie, channel, peace out. 