[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a fantasy action film, the last witch hunter. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. 800 years ago in the middle ages, the whole europe was conquered with fear by a powerful witch queen who unleashed the black plague, a deadly disease that swept over the human race and claimed numerous human lives. a group of knights, led by calder, launched a fierce battle against the witch queen. they fought their way to the queen's lair and trapped her with a big fire before piercing her body with a sword. as a result, the queen was defeated and the horrible plague spell ended. calder, however, lost his family during the battle. was cursed with immortality by the dark witch queen, which was believed the most brutal way to revenge calder, causing him to suffer long-lasting pain and loneliness from the loss of his loved ones. after the death of the witch queen, the weekend which race had to cease fire with humans and submit it to the rule of the witch hunters. the axon cross organization has been run for the last eight hundred years keep the truce between humans and witches and punish those dark witches who broke the law. in the present day, calder continues working as a witch hunter for the axon cross. he's aided by a priest called dolan, a tradition passed down from the first priest who fought to destroy the witch queen hundreds of years ago. the 36th dolan declares his retirement from his duties due to his old ages. calder sends him a special gift as a memory for his contributions. bill dolan gets back home and hands over the duties to his new successor, the 37th dolan. the next day, however, calder receives bad news that the old dolan has just died in his sleep. that night. shocked by his death, calder tries to find out the truth. during the investigating in the old dolan's house, calder finds traces of the old dark magic and some mysterious plant, which is believed to be used for the witchcraft, causing him to deduce that the old man was murdered by a powerful witch. moments later, calder traces the plant to a bakery shop run by a blind witch who under calder's challenge, has to tell him some clues on the buyer. calder then follows the clues and locates the buyer. soon there, he's punctured by a dark witch in disguise of a little girl. but fortunately, he manages to overpower the witch and finds the gift he sent to the old dolan. he then takes him back to the witch council for judgment. the witch is found using the forbidden transfiguration spell. as a result, he's taken into the witch prison for punishment. later, calder goes back to check the old dolan's body and finds the old man is actually not dead yet, but just put under a dark magic spell that could only be broken by killing the witch who cast that spell. he has to break the spell as soon as possible, otherwise the old dolan will die in two days. meanwhile, following some clues that the old dolan left on his finger, halter learns that he has to recall the past memories. calder later visits a witch bar to buy a memory spell from the witch girl chloe that will enable him to remember how they killed the witch queen previously. chloe finally agrees to give him the service, and then performs the spell by use of a cherry. calder is suddenly brought back to the battle when he's fighting hard to terminate the witch queen. and the witch queen is dying in front of him during his memory reliving. however, he's taken back forcibly to the real world by a mustache witch, who turns out to be the faithful follower of the witch queen and exactly the one casting a spell on the old dolan. the guy comes to prevent calder from reliving his memory and sets a big fire on the utensils, attempting to destroy all the substance from memory reliving. calder recovers totally from his memory spell. the mustache which takes the chance to flee away. later that night, chloe gets attacked by the dark magic in her apartment, who attempts to stop her from performing the memory spell for calder. fortunately, calder shows up in time and saves her. the following day, with all the substance for the memory spell destroyed, chloe has to resort to her lady bro for the alternative substance. however, while arriving at the lady bros home, they're astonished to find she's been killed by the mustache witch and the substance has been gone. without any choice, they come to a dark witch for help, who, however, has accepted the mustache witch's deal to stop calder. she then casts a spell on calder, attempting to trap him in his dream permanently. fortunately, as a dream walker, chloe sneaks inside his dream and manages to pull him out. after setting free, calder fights to overpower the dark witch, while chloe breaks her own youth spell, causing her to reveal her true old face. later, calter realizes that chloe's ability may remind him of the past memory. calder then takes chloe to the witch council, where chloe is persuaded to bring calder back to the past. in the dream holder discovers that after the queen's body was burned to ash, the first stolen chose to spare her heart after finding that her heart could be used to manipulate calder's life and take control of him for his service to the axe and cross. knowing the truth, hawker confronts the young dolan in anger. he finds that the old dolan plan to destroy the heart. so as to set calder free, but failed to finish the plan. on the other hand, the mustache which gets the queen's heart and kidnaps the blind witch. with the magic power in play, he successfully summons the queen to the blind witch's body. calder figures out the dark which is evil plan later, and rushes there, trying to stop the reviving process. but it's too late. the mustache which ambushes called her, but gets killed immediately. the revived queen takes calder suddenly and pierces through his body, absorbing the magic power from him, which, however, was left intentionally inside his body before her death hundreds of years ago. the queen that overwhelms the injured calder before vanishing due to the death of the mustache witch. the old dolan revives soon from the broken spell. he then tells calder the queen's evil plan is to regain control of the world with the black plague spell, which is supposed to be cast by the joint magic powers of all witches who have been imprisoned in the witch prison. he encourages calder to stop the witch queen and save humanity. shortly after that, together with chloe and the young dolan, halder reaches the witch prison, which has been turned into the dark, rich lair. they find all the dark witches have been trapped as a coven for the spell cast. later, they drag a prisoner, which out of the entrapment, while chloe, by use of her dream walking ability, enters his dream to kill him, hoping to stop the queen's spell casting. in that way, caller fights his way to the queen directly, but later falls into an illusional world created by the queen where he becomes weak and can't take any edge due to the loss of the queen's magic power. while calder is beaten badly by the queen, chloe manages to kill the prisoner, which causing the queen to lose her connection with the prisoner witches and the spell casting to collapse. while caller summons the sacred fire to his sword and is about to end the queen's life, the young dolan takes chloe hostage and forces calder to free the queen. it's revealed that the young dolan is the son of a dark wish killed by calder when he was five years old, adopted by the witch council, though he's always eager to learn some dark magic power from the queen. however, treating him as useless, the queen terminates him instantly. she then takes chloe to replace the dead prisoner. witch trying to complete her spell. as the black plague is unleashed and about to take over the world, calder summons lightning to the sword and throws it into the queen, causing her to be burned to ash with the plague dissipating away. in the end, calder wishes to kill both the queen's heart and himself, while chloe stops him, saying that the world needs him to combat the dark powers that might be even worse than the witch queen. calder takes her words and leaves the axon cross while forming his own team with the old dolan to protect humanity. this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. 