hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a historical adventure film. alpha. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. twenty thousand or more years ago in europe, where humans are suffering from the ice age, a small tribe of hunters are preparing for a hunting expedition for the coming winter's food with attempt to train his teenage son, keta. the chief of a primitive tribe, decides to let his son join the hunting adventure since he's pretty satisfied by the sharp stone knife made by ketta. while ketta's mother, worried much about her still young son, though, has to let go of him into the dangerous journey. following the direction shown by the stone pagoda, they come all the way to the hunting ground. there, the chief wanna test his son by having him kill a wild boar they've caught. kenna, however, hesitates to take any action by boar struggling for life, which indeed disappoints the father greatly. during the night, they set up a camp fire, which, however, draws the attention of a large lion. it jumps towards the crowd and snatches one of them right away for food. ketta, who's never seen before such brutal killing from wild animals, just gets shocked still by the sudden attack. but to his comfort, a little bit at least. the next day, the tribe holds a funeral ritual with rocks to mourn for their lost member. last night, the father then tattoos on ketta's hand with the night stars, trying to teach him an important skill to find his direction in case of his getting lost in the wild. the hunters eventually reach a herd of step bison, which they managed to force down off a cliff, trying to catch them while avoiding their deadly violence. during the chaos, one bison turns around, however, and rushes towards kenneth, who's soon outrun by the bison and tossed over to the edge of the cliff. struggling hard for life, though, kettle loses his grip on the edge, right before he could be reached by his father coming for help, he plummets to a further ledge where he breaks his leg and gets knocked unconscious. the chief attempts to climb down to ketta, but he's stopped by the fellows due to the danger. he then tries hard to shout at ketta, hoping to wake him up. that way, without any reply, and believing keta is dead, they have to leave with their praise. however, keta is later awakened by the pecking of a vulture who mistakes him for the death. he's frightened up when realizes he's the only one left there. he then tries to climb the rest of the way down the cliff for his way to escape out, but almost loses his grip. luckily, a sudden heavy rain floods the valley, which allows ketta to fall into the water, supposedly much more safely. he turns to survive under the burning sun overhead, feeding himself with some rain water. he then splints his injured foot before returning to the cliff top. seeing the memorial stones, presumably made for him by the tribe, he realizes that they've all left, and he must travel back to the village on his own in despair and under huge pain on his foot, though, he has to escape away from the approaching wolves and find a shelter for safe right before he's caught by a pack of wolves. kenneth climbs up a tree and wounds one of the wolves chasing him tightly behind. after the wolves all leave, except the wounded one. the hungry ketta attempts to kill it for food, but he hesitates again, and instead, he takes pity on it and carries it along. he's later hidden up into a cave to avoid the predators, and tries to make fire from the wood, but fails. not giving up, he finds his own way to care for the injury of himself and the wolf as well. he gives the wolf water and food, which gradually gains its trust. at a time when he catches a rabbit for food, he figures out his way to establish himself as dominant by feeding himself first. as time goes by, kenneth knows how to make fire out of wood for the first time and how to befriend the wild wolf, staying close to him every day. from the stars of the sky and those tattooed in his hand, he mix up his mind to set out for the village before the winter comes. he tries to send the wolf away, back into the wilderness, but unbelievably, it keeps following him. on their way, there's a good chance for them learning to hunt the boars together, which is, however, missed again by the frightened ketta. along the way, their relationship grows. keta names the wolf alpha and trains it to understand some human instructions, which in return allow them to cooperate better during their hunting for food. one night on the journey, however, they are approached menacingly by a pack of wolves. keta prepares for his defense immediately, but the next minute, upon seeing alpha steps forward to greet them, the wolves recognize kedah's companion and let go of their hostility towards keta. said to say goodbye to a seemingly friend though, keta has to push alpha back to its own kind, while alpha finds its wolf fellows finally and joins them with teta's blessing. teddy then continues his journey alone. as the season changes into winter, on a frozen lake, he encounters alpha again in the wolf pack feeding on a carcass. ketter runs to them, attempting to say hello to his old friend. but the ice breaks suddenly and he falls through into the icy water. fortunately, with alpha's help, kenneth struggles outside the cold water finally, and they are reunited just like old friends, partying away for long continuing the following tough journey in the snowy day. together, they find a man sitting before a tent, hoping to find some food from him. keta soon discovers the man has already been frozen to death, with no food left inside except his bow and arrow. with no better choice, he takes them away. later, they are targeted by a pack of hyenas. during the chaos, they take refuge inside a cave for safe however, the next minute, alpha smells something bad in the cave and keeps alert. they are soon confronted and attacked by a lion who plunges towards keta. luckily, alpha helps distract the lion's attacks away from keta, which gives keto a good chance to kill the lion with arrow. alpha, however, is badly wounded in the fight, and now travels with difficulty under the heavy snow. kenneth turns grad at last to see the stone pagoda, which is built to show the direction of his village. but alpha can't make it any further due to its bad injury. with a strong mind built up through those days, ketta, instead of abandoning the wolf in the snow, carries alpha along with him and struggles hard through the heavy snow. he staggers forward for hours unknown, all the way to the village's tent, right before he nearly passes out from exhaustion, shocked by the still alive sun, making his way back. eventually, the father feels extremely proud of him as alpha is taken good care by the village healer. to everyone's surprise, alpha is pregnant and delivers a litter of puppies who are formally welcomed into the tribe. and later on, for the first time, the human tribe begins their hunting expedition into the wild with domesticated wolves. this is daniel cc. movie review, peace out. 