before we begin, let me start by saying, it's easy to be an immaculate do-gooder until you meet a billionaire. can you hear my eyes rolling the Stars if I move it today? ah, Don Johnson's daughter, and her fashion sense in this movie proves it. the Metro need not have a fashion Police Department. and Tippi Hedren s granddaughter, who is actually the same person as Don Johnson's daughter. I was just amazed to find all this out. not that lie, Sharon blue. our story begins with some sexy, dirty billionaire. oh yeah, you heard me, not a millionaire billionaire, because millionaire's ain't sexy enough, running around some dirty city. then over to this innocent little, immaculate young lady with bad bangs in a thrift store wardrobe, who, for some reasons not understood by me, is going to interview the aforementioned 60 dirty billionaire in her best granny Clampett. getup. imagine her undies move me. and I tell me to say where she take our fashion tips. she's led into sexy, dirty billionaires office by six, a dirty blonde and grace. and notice I spell it GRA why? because this story set in the United States. doofus klutz vulgar. huzzahs. seats. oh, not yet. okay. well, sex it dirty. billionaire to the rescue. and she introduced herself. Anastasia Steele, oh, I get it. steel as in steel gray, a shade of grey. where's the other 49? in his eyes, on his ties, in that thing. he flies. for real. this damn movie got great everywhere because they beaten a metaphor a death. speaking of beaten, let's get to the round later. he goes to meet her at the hardware store, which, according to Blanche Devereaux, is alive with sexual energy tools, plugs, sockets, new furniture, dirty stuff like that. but this place also got cable ties and tape and rope and clamps, petites and battery-operated devices, which may be useful in that nether regions. this mover is disgusting and gross. Oh, coffee. I get it because it's hot. and a muffin. see this alko for this creep. others say, I would like to do something hot - yo muffins. then when they get ready to pop, ways, you just look at her like, love your muffin. I mean, you, you love you muffin. Miss innocent. go drinkin 60 great billionaire daddy won't to be to the rescue. and his baby spits up, takes a little nappy and wakes up in billionaire crib with a note beside the bed that say, eat me. then he orders us some food, a la Edward Lewis, from pretty woman, and then orders us some clothes because her de got spit up, a poem. then he scolds her for drinking too much, and tell her he wish he can spank that little granny, penny penny. he don't do romance. but the billionaire do fly in his own helicopter, which he himself pilots over the great city of Seattle, because, you know, this Twilight, until they get to his fancy digs. and are we gonna get to the robbed soon or not? well, not before she signs some legal agreement without reading it. and not only do he not do romance, he also do not do make love. he just boom, boom, stuff to taco, dinky dip. so it takes the Grenaa gob clad, clean and pure to his playroom. then she liked why he was like this. and he like, I think, sometime in the future of the bad writer, this silly story is gonna say it got something to do with my mama. because everything wrong, what a person is always to be blamed on the mama. what? no, no, I don't think that. I'm just quoting to move it like, hell I am. and then he's like, what do you like when you do the hanky-panky? and her naive looks like, well, I put my right leg in a public right leg out, do the hanky-panky and shake it all about. that's what it's all about. and he's like, you ain't never had your muffin bottom and she's like, no, it's drying, tasteless. and he's like, well, you have slid a bishop and she's like, no, never even seen a meatball. and then this movie teases us by making us think we're gonna get to see some titties. and we do. well, I do, you don't, because there's YouTube, dummy, but it ain't that great. and to put this delicately and not upset your innocence, he puts a popsicle stick in her puddin pop. oh, the 60 dirty billionaire also plays the piano. Edward Lewis called to say he well his character back. and then more pants off, dance, off. there's some bath time bumpkin. excuse me, everyone loses now, making an urgent conference call with Vivian on the other line. oh, and speaking of Muslim, it goes mental, he's mine. okay, now she gonna understand, opponent didn't been where the Virgin is like, if I let you tap my tushy, can we still go out for Dindin? he's like, I don't do Jin did but he does do, do and to do. but miss steale has limits to for example, she will not 1, allow mr. gray to fold his fingers tightly into the center of the palm and then to cleft the thumb over the middle phalanges, to allow mr. gray to use the clamps he purchased at the Dirty, Sexy hardware store on or around her holiest of holies, or 3, for that matter, use any of them goodies he bought while he was creepin on her at her job. and despite all of her limits, mr. gray decides once a week he might like a little Dindin after all. oh, this is so romantic. then, as an abuser would, he showers her with gifts, including a car for her graduation, at which point she rolls her eyes. then he gets up for 2 D Pat's, which I can't show you because this is a good Christian channel. then later, he takes her into the playroom where afraid of Hell really bad, and smack her on the hand and a bunch of stuff I can't show you because this is a good, fabulous Hannibal miss she goes to meet the parents, and they have a little Dindin, where he is shocked to learn the woman he thought he controlled is leaving. and then she gets faints. for trying to be a grown damn woman and make our own decisions, and I'm just looking at this movie like this. then, anti-hero monologue, my real mama was a crack addict, blabbity blah, blah, this she up and died like mr. Bojangles dog. blah, blah, blabbity blah. and even though you were sleeping, ain't listening. I'm just gonna keep making excuses to try to explain, there's people watching this, why I'm approximately 1 and 3/4 fries short of a happy meal. then she goes to Georgia. mr. gray stocks are there too, and he tells that he had Dindin with the woman that made him, get freaky, then they fly around the Peach State. but he leaves, and I don't fully understand the point of that either. so she chokes her own peach back to Seattle, where he pets the pooch petals of peach and puts his wand in her Chamber of Secrets. Don look at your daughter. you must be so proud. so mr. grey tells her he is fifty Shades of [ __ ] up, quote, unquote. oh damn. that's bad. there's a bear right nut down. oh, my god, is a real quote. miss steeles like, all hail. let's cut this baloney and cheese and let me see the whole enchilada. and much to my relief, and to the disdain of many sickos, miss Steele is like, hoo boy. you off go. and she gets in the elevator, and he just run after as if to say, but I loved your muffin. and she just let the damn don't closes it to say, die and die. and wait. does she get to keep the car? be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix of myth. you can expect me to upload more videos on hashtag myth Fridays and you can think these lovely patrons who contribute every month to help me keep this map together. and be sure to tell the world you won't settle for some wack millionaire. hop on over to my teespring shop and get you one of these single taken waiting for my sexy billionaire t-shirts. we got lots of meth and muffin good. is there too for movies? explain for I'm Jeb Spanky dies. hopefully someday this channel will make me a billionaire, since this writer treats us millionaires like we just broke probes 