[Music], this doesn't seem real. what is up? YouTube, it's your girl Evelyn. and I am back with a recap of season 1, episode 1, of the l word generation. Q, now, before we start the recap, I haven't seen it yet. you're gonna love it. stop spoiling it, you vile woman. if you haven't watched the episode yet, do not watch this video. I repeat, I will be spoiling the episode in its entirety. we are gonna kick things off with our three returning veterans. and who better to start with than bet it wasn't me Porter. we already assumed that BB&amp;T were no longer a couple because laurel holloman is busy living her best life as a professional painter and doesn't seem eager to return to acting anytime soon. so it's no surprise that momma T's only appearance is through Beth's iPhone. yeah, I'm at breakfast. it's not really a good time. can I call you back Tina? when we catch up with vet, she's running for mayor of Los Angeles and solo parenting little baby Angelica, who is now a high achieving sixteen-year-old who sometimes skipped school, debate pot and rap along to awful music. traffic, looking for my chapstick. feeling kind of caustic. there's a fog maverick with her gal pal Jordi, who she's definitely crushing on. vets mayoral campaign is just starting to gain traction when her past comes back to haunt her. it seems that while she was the city's director of arts, she had sex with one of her married employees, and somebody gave that employee's husband a live mic at a televised campaign rally. a downtrodden vet receives a pep talk from Alison Shane, then decides to make an appearance on Alice's talk show and face the scandal like the boss she is. our girl, Alice is in a serious relationship with a woman named NAT who has two children and all the likeability of a wet blanket. oh my god, she's so annoying. on the other end of the likeable spectrum is Nats ex-wife, GG, whose casual sexiness is reminiscent of the og marina. Alice also has her own talk and spends most of the first episode trying not to book dr. oz because, well, it's dr. oz. our first limps of Shane is as she's stepping off a private plane, because everyone on the show is filthy rich. and if you're wondering, is this the same Shane we all know and love, she immediately [ __ ] the flight attendant. so yes, during lunch with the girls, we find out Shane is not only back to stay, but she's recently closed down to a person aunts in Paris and New York, but we don't know exactly what's going on with that. Shane then goes into a sexy, broody mode for a little while, and then gets a phone call from someone named Jay Quellin, I'm just gonna call her Q for now. Shane ignores the call, then casually lets it slip that she was her wife. first up is Sophie and Danny generation Q's version of BB&amp;T. Sophie's a producer on alice's talk show, and Danny is a PR exec who works for her rich dad's big-ass company. Sophie is adorable and funny, but not much happens to her outside of her relationship with Danny. Danny is the newbie with the most complex storyline. she's madly in love with Sophie, but resist proposing to her because daddy moneybags doesn't approve. as far as he's concerned, Sophie is beneath Danny. Danny then starts to have a moral crisis after a business meeting with Bette about supporting her campaign leaves Danny feeling like a villain, which she kind of is. after coaching a grieving father to sugarcoat his sons overdose on opioids, Danny breaks she proposes to a shocked, but thrilled Sophie, then offers her PR services to bet in a bid to become a good guy. Micha is Sophie and Danny's super cute gay roommate. although we see very little of Micha during the episode. he does manage to score a date with a ridiculously hot neighbor named Jose Finley is Alice's assistant, and, based on her fuck-boy ways, poised to become Shane jr. she's funny, she's cute, and she doesn't seem to take anything too seriously. after Alice instructs her to build furniture for Shane's new house. Finley and Shane bond and buy bond. I mean, they have a 10 second conversation, which ends in Shane inviting Findlay to live with her. personally, I really enjoyed the first episode. the music was on point, the storylines were topical, the sets were gorgeous and the cast was awesome. now, while I don't think it quite captured the magic of the first series, keep in mind we're only one episode in, and my hope is that it just keeps getting better and better. so thank you guys once again, for watching. don't forget to subscribe. and I'm going to leave you with a sneak peek of the second episode. I will see you next week. we need to protect this campaign. is there anything else people could use against you now? you need to change the locks. I just want to talk to you. should I be scared? dad? I proposed to Sophie on my blessing, my permission. you're not gonna get it coming from your last night. how long your turn-ons tank? 1 week. 2. max. let's not put a max on it. 