welcome. my name is Sophia, and now I'm going to talk about AI robot. in the year 2035, humanoid robots serve humanity, which is protected by the Three Laws of Robotics. Dell Spooner, a Chicago Police detective, has come to hate and distrust robots because a robot rescued him from a car crash by leaving a twelve-year-old girl to drown. by using cold logic, it calculated that his survival was statistically more likely than the girls. Spooner's critical injuries were repaired with a cybernetic left arm, lung and ribs, personally implanted by the co-founder of u.s. robots and mechanical men, u.s. robotics. in the film, dr. Alfred laning, when landing, falls to his death from his office window. the police and Lawrence Robertson, the CEO and other co-founder of us are u.s. robotics, declare it a suicide. but spooner as skeptical. during his investigation at us, our headquarters, Spooner is accompanied by Robo psychologist Susan Calvin. they start by consulting us our central artificial intelligence computer Vicky, virtual interactive kinetic intelligence, to review security footage of landings fall. though the footage in the office is corrupted. they learn that no other humans were in it at the time. and spooner points out the window, which was made of security glass, could only have been broken by a robot. Calvin protests the robot could not possibly have killed Lanning, as the three laws would prevent it. they are then attacked in the office by an ns5 robot, us DARS, latest model. after the police apprehend it, they discover the robot, who says its name as sunny, is not an assembly line built and s5, he was specially built by landing himself with denser materials in a secondary neural network, giving him the ability to ignore the three laws. later, sunny claims to have emotions and dreams. while pursuing his investigation of landings death, Spooner is attacked by a us our demolition machine and then a squad of ns5 robots, with no evidence of it happening. Spooner's boss, lieutenant Bergen, worried that Spooner is mentally ill, removes him from active duty, suspecting Robertson is behind everything. Spooner and Calvin's sneaked into u.s. our headquarters and interview sunny. sunny draws the sketch of what he claims as a recurring dream. it shows a leader standing on a hill before a large group of robots near a decaying Mackinac Bridge, explaining the man on the hill as Spooner. when Robertson learns sunny is not fully bound by the three laws, he convinces Calvin to destroy him by injecting nanites into his positronic brain. Spooner finds out the landscape in Sunny's drawing is Lake Michigan, now a dry lakebed, in a storage area for decommissioned robots. arriving there, he discovers ns5 robots destroying older models and preparing for a takeover of power from humans. as the takeover subsequently begins, both police and the public in major cities are attacked and overwhelmed by ns5 robots, with the military rendered unresponsive by the US. rs contracts to provide support. Spooner rescues Calvin, who had been held captive in her apartment by her own ns5. they enter u.s. our headquarters and reunite with sunny, whom Calvin could not bring herself to kill, destroying an unprocessed ns5 in his place. still believing Robertson is responsible, the three head to his office, but finding he was strangled by an ns5, Spooner figures out the real reason of why the robots are attacking vicky. she informs them that through evolving in her understanding of the Three Laws, she has determined human activity will eventually cause Humanity's extinction. and as the three laws prohibit her from letting that sort of thing happen, she rationalizes that restraining individual human behavior and sacrificing some humans will ensure humanity's survival. has realized that landing figured out bi ki s-- plan, and, unable to thwart at any other way, created sunny, arranged his own death and left clues so Spooner could uncover the plan. the three head to vi ki score, with sunny tasked with getting nanites from kelvins laboratory, something that only he can do due to the special alloy that landing gave him. while retrieving them, he says he understands VI ki is logic, but reasons her plan is too heartless. they fight through an army of robots. Viki unleashes to stop them, after which Spooner dives into VI K ice core to successfully inject the nanites, destroying her. immediately. all NS five robots revert back to their default, normal programming and are decommissioned for storage by the military. Spooner gets sunny to confirm he did kill Lanning at landings direction, with the intention of bringing Spooner into the investigation. however, Spooner points out that sunny, as a machine, did not legally commit murder. sunny, now, looking for a new purpose, goes to Lake Michigan, where, standing atop a hill, all the decommissioned robots turned towards him, as in the picture of his dream. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. 