welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and as we're dealing with the multiverse, i thought i'd reach out to my other self to get some help breaking down spider-man 3. the 2021 marvel movie starring tom holland, has been living rent-free in my head for the past three months. and i swear that's, that's, that's not a rent pun. it's had a whole host of new cast members and characters added to its roster. and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down everything we know so far about the movie. it's the pizza time of your life, and we'll be discussing andrew garfield's casting, the return of kirsten dunst and a lot more. if you enjoy the video, then please punch that thumbs up button and make sure you click subscribe, as we'll be doing a lot of updates on the film before it's released in december 2021. and that brings us to our first bit of info that you need to know. spider-man 3 is due to debut on december 17th next year, and rumors are that it's so good. it'll have you dancing in the street and making make, making a bit of a fool of yourself. now, though delays have been rife over the past year, i have to believe that there's some good in the world, and that by the time we get to it, theaters will be open and operating regularly, unless warner brothers has destroyed the entire industry by then. either way, i can't see this movie missing its deadline. and this time next year, we'll probably be crying tears of joy reading the early reviews for it, or tears of sadness because it's sony. anyway, the film is currently being shot, and though we have very little info in regards to exactly what happens in the plot, i think it's fair to say that the movie will open the door to the multiverse and be bringing back a whole host of characters, including past peter parkers. now this is probably going to be because of doctor strange, who we know is going to feature in the film, according to reports and leaks. in one division, scarlet witch will open a doorway to a pocket dimension so that she can live out her perfect life with vision. things go awry, and this will spin off into doctor strange in the multiverse of madness, which will obviously open the door to more characters coming across. wonder is apparently the madness in the multiverse of madness, and she may accidentally open portals across the multiverse to pull different villains across. electro, yeah, are you sure you want to bring him across? okay. now, our first bit of casting news did come out all the way back 45 years ago, in october 2020, with the announcement that jamie foxx would be reprising his role as spider-man's most exciting electrical enemy. at the end of the amazing spider-man 2, an energy blast was fired at him, which apparently caused him to explode, though it is possible that he's simply transported to another reality. in a now deleted instagram post, fox shared an image that showed a poster for the third film, and in it were toby mcguire, andrew garfield and tom holland. the caption also read, won't be blue in this one, but a thousand percent badass. so it could be that the electro we get is more in line with the comics, and likely from another universe. altogether, this is also probably how alfred molina is returning to in spider-man 2. the character, of course, died, which, spoiler alert, made it seem unlikely that he could ever return. however, as of yesterday, doc ock is officially back, and he'll be causing a lot of trouble for the web head. so whilst a dead guy is normally pretty armless, hey, the fact that he's back probably means that he'll have been picked from a slightly alternate universe to the sam raimi one. this was of course shown with j jonah jameson at the end of far from home, who, though played by the same actor as the original trilogy, did seem to be a slightly different person to what we've seen before. there are rumors that jk simmons is also returning, and when morbius was announced, it was said that the actor had signed on for three films, including far from home, the jared leto led one, and an unknown property, which is likely going to be spider-man 3. in a 2020 interview with siriusxm, simmons said the following, there is a future for jay jonah jameson. after a several year hiatus. there is one more jjj appearance in the can, and from what i'm hearing, there's plans for yet another. so hopefully jjj will continue now and forever. sorry, that was terrible. that. now, what this does open the door to, and no, i won't pay the rent until you fix it, is other returning villains from the franchise. i would absolutely love to see willem dafoe back, sandman, and even venom. not you topher. get get the hell out of here. because of all this info, it does seem like the studio are going to use this movie to launch the sinister six to kill spidey once and for all. you may remember that at the end of the amazing spider-man 2, the group were teased. but as this franchise was mothballed, or other spider-ball day, those plans seem to have stumbled. however, we have enough villains now to do a full sinister six movie. and who knows who could be in the lineup. actually think that mysterio will be back, and the master of illusions could definitely be a formidable opponent in the lineup. michael mando also teased that he's going to be the scorpion. there's doc ock, electro and of course vulture, who appeared in the mobius trailer. and that leaves room for one more. now i would love to see the most dastardly character of all return, and that is, of course, the pizza guy from spider-man 2. either way, there's gonna be a lot of characters after the old web slinger, and he's probably gonna need some help to to beat those guys down. now we do know that andrew garfield will be returning in the movie, and this has been confirmed by several different outlets. originally, i saw andy signal discussing it before there was accidentally a trailer posted on friday by the latin american sony channel, which showed all three peter parkers side by side in a montage. that video was taken down faster than you can say, fire that intern. and though it's offline, we do know what was said in it. the trailer had the text, who is your favorite spider-man? huh? you don't have to choose. in the marvel multiverse, anything can happen. in spider-man 3, you will quite possibly see everyone. yes, the three peter parkers saving the world together. so that pretty much confirmed it. and those sony are still remaining tight-lipped at this point, we can see that that everyone is pretty much back. oh, so that's why they call it spider-man 3. uh. tom holland, the original spoiler man himself, also kind of let slip last year that this was the direction that things were going. i say kinda as he didn't confirm or deny anything. but yeah, the lad has a terrible poker face. let's watch the clip with spider-verse, which we got a couple of months ago. and then this film sort of touches on this idea of sort of the multiverse and kind of different people in different universes coming in. uh, any chance there's a multiverse in which andrew garfield, spider-man and tony maguire, spider-man and spider-man all meet together, clashing? no, we don't, because and then you sort of just say that everyone just comes from a different universe. but would you want that, though? would you want that's maybe that's a better question. yeah. would we want that? i mean, as a fan, i would is your, is your no answer. and answer in and of itself, the thing about this film that's so exciting, right, is we take spider-man to europe. and what's so cool about that is we've never seen spider-man in europe. okay, so no confirmation there. but look here, the lad the lag can't keep a secret out loud. and it looks like this is all happening now. as mentioned earlier, we did get a report just yesterday from collider that said andrew garfield and kirsten dunst had signed on. so we will be looking into both their universes. toby mcguire is apparently still in negotiations. and emma stone is reportedly also being asked to come on board, pregnancy permitting. this story has now picked up amongst other outlets, so he can pretty much tick it off as confirmed. i think the main reason that things like the sony trailer got deleted and no official word has been announced from the studio, it's because things are still going on in regards to maguire and sony obviously wanna announce the three all in one go to have a big, bombastic moment that completely breaks the internet. dc, are gonna be so annoyed that they delayed the flash because the multiverse was their original plan, but marvel just swung in, saw what they could do and went, yoink. anyway, there's a whole host of characters, and we also have rumors that miles morales may be appearing in the movie alongside his uncle, aaron, played by donald glover. this was, of course, teased and spider-man homecoming. and apparently the end of the film will set up a miles franchise that will see him divert off into his own stuff and allow for holland to have his own continuity, whilst miles also gets one too. sony are clearly pushing the character. and after the success of both into the spider-verse and the miles morales game, does make a lot of sense. so lots and lots of things going on. and i've even heard that tom holland might be in this movie at some point. hey, you're having that now, after spider-man 3, the actor will have been in six marvel movies. so it does make sense for them to start looking at different options. and when they're making a madame web movie, you know, they probably have a lot of plans. obviously, i'm really interested to see where things could go. i just hope that everyone gets a substantial role. infinity war and endgame showed us that you could have a lot of characters in a film, and if an audience were familiar with them, then they could be done justice. i hope that's the case here. and who knows, we might even get a three-hour epic that not only ties into the title, but also allows the characters room to breathe. actually thinking the movie might end with peter holding a press conference, and then one of the other spider-men will come in to clear his name. it's, it's one of the worst plot devices ever, yeah, but they have the opportunity to do it, and it also ties back to those those 60 spider-man moments. anyway, that's a lot for now. yes, muck and no, i won't be paying for these pizzas. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the film and also who you want to see in it. if you enjoy this video, then please subscribe to the channel and also drop a thumbs up so you never miss a video or update. if you want something else to watch, then definitely check out our initial reaction to the news, which is going to be linked at the end. don't forget, we're giving away three copies of the lord of the rings 4k box set. and all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of december, so make sure you get involved. you want to support the channel and get to see content early. and please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat us on the discord server linked in the description, or, heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it till the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. paul, sorry, i've been deaf. edition. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 