[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a zombie science fiction horror film, undead. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. renee grew up in a remote, tiny town of berkeley. when renee's parents passed away, they leave for a farm, but also many family debts. renee has to mortgage the farm to the bank to pay off the debts. one day, renee decides to spend the weekend going out of town and relaxing with her boyfriend. when they drive away from the town, many meteorites suddenly start raining from the sky, resulting in an unknown disaster to mankind. on the way, with a few cars blocking the road, rene pulls over, and her boyfriend goes there to take a look. he finds a woman who seems to pass out, and checks if she is breathing. suddenly, the woman bites him. on the other side, renee waits for her boyfriend in the car, but some zombies suddenly attack her from nowhere. at last, renee kills them with an iron bar, but is knocked injured after falling from the roof of the car. after that, she's frightened to see her boyfriend has turned into a zombie, and he staggers towards her, trying to attack her. a hunter armed with an angry mustache and mysterious weapons shows up right on time and saves renee from the zombie attack. seeing her boyfriend is shot dead by the angry mustache, renee wants to thank him, but the angry mustache just leaves and doesn't utter a word. then renee walks back to the town alone. in order to take a shortcut, she heads into the forest, but the acid rain comes, which makes her very uncomfortable. seeing a farm right there, she goes there for help. in a field, bugs are snatched up to the sky by weird light beams. seeing that, renee is so scared that she hides in the farmhouse. it is eerie inside the house, and the man is busy cooking in the kitchen. renee is afraid to go outside, so she just approaches cautiously, preparing to defend herself. man is alert and points his gun at renee before she could do anything. renee finds he is actually the angry mustache who just saved her. then the angry mustache tells renee she should be prepared for the coming end of the world as the zombie attack is just the beginning of the apocalypse, renee is confused by what he said and thinks he is insane. right then, the doorbell rings, but the angry mustache doesn't plan to open the door. rather, aiming his gun at the door, hearing the people outside screaming for help, renee opens the door without the angry mustaches permission. then a pregnant wife and her husband hide in the house. the panicking couple explained that a zombified girl attacked them on their way and savagely killed their friend. so the couple run for life all the way to this place. right then they all quiet down and hide due to the sudden noises outside. as the door opens, two cops rush inside. soon the cops discover the angry mustache and ask him to put down his gun. but the angry mustache urges them to shut up because something is coming inside. then many zombies storm into the house. they shoot the zombies with heavy gunfire, but those zombies are undead. the zombies constantly come to attack them. after reviving in no time. with not too much ammunition left, the angry mustache fights the way through the zombie crowd and guides them all the way to a basement. when staying safe temporarily in the basement, they try to figure out what to do next. while the two cops still hang on to it. the angry mustache holds a firearm license. they take his gun, but the angry mustache suggests they can discuss the license later, if they can survive the zombie attack. then panicking group cool down and take a rest. when rene gets a chance to chat with the angry mustache, she points to his fish pendant and asks if he used to be a fisherman. while nodding his head, he tells renee, when he was fishing one day, a piece of meteorite fell into the river, and the fish in the river was turned into zombified fish instantly and attacked him. but after a mysterious acid rain, everything got back to normal. so he supposes that the zombies might be related to the meteorites and the acid rain. suddenly, the pregnant wife tells them she is about to go into labor. but none of them knows how to deal with baby delivery. they decide to take the pregnant wife to the hospital. heading out of the basement, they find the zombies have all gone, and it is cripply quiet inside the house. when the policeman tries to take the key to the car on the wall, a zombie suddenly grabs his hand and pulls it inside. the angry mustache runs to help the policeman. they set him free finally, by ripping off the zombie's hand. they are terrified by the ripped off zombie hand, which is still moving, so the husband shoots the hand, but the gunshots draw many more zombies who break the wall to come to attack them. soon both sides fall into another round of fighting. luckily, when the angry mustache accidentally shoots a zombie in the head, the zombie gets terminated and can't revive again. so the angry mustache tells the rest to shoot the zombies in the head. that's the only way to kill the undead zombies, and it turns out to work very well. then they fight their way to the parking garage and immediately drive away. on the way, they get stopped by a towering barbed wall, which has been placed up around the town. the husband thinks it's ironic that the town government built this vast wall within a few days. but spent two years fixing the road in front of his house. the policeman thinks the husband is an idiot, but the town government obviously has nothing to do with a wall. the angry mustache agrees with the policeman because he believes the wall is definitely built by some supernatural power, like aliens. suddenly, the policeman decides to climb over the wall to seek help. when he struggles to get to the top, he finds that the exit above is all covered by a weird cloud, and gets an electric shock while touching the cloud. what's worse, the acid rain starts to come. the policeman slips and falls onto the ground, lying unconscious. the breasts think the policeman is definitely dead, so they leave him behind to get inside the car. despite the acid rain, they find they don't get burnt by it. on the other side, a policewoman is unwilling to leave her colleague, crying beside him in sorrow. suddenly, a weird light beam snatches up the policewoman to the sky, and a glowing, hooded figure stands right there, seeing what happened. renee and others are so scared that they immediately drive away. on the way, the husband suggests they can fly over the wall by airplane, as he is a pilot who works in a travel company. the angry mustache and renee think it is a good idea, so they drive back into town for supplies before going to the airport. right in town, they find the residents have mysteriously disappeared. then they go into an unattended grocery store and grab everything necessary. the angry mustache claims once again that meteorites, zombies and the acid rain are clearly the work of aliens, because he has also gotten snatched up to the sky by a supernatural power before and came back to the earth alive, but he can't remember what happened in the sky, right? then many zombies come into the store from nowhere, among which there is a hooded figure. they shoot the zombies, and the husband accidentally kills the hooded figure, whose hand is definitely not a humans or as zombies. at last, they clear all the zombies, but many hooded figures come to them. then a hooded figure sprays a kind of mysterious liquid at the angry mustache before he is snatched up to the sky by a light beam renee and the couple take a good chance to get out of the store and drive away. later, they get to the airport, and the husband asked renee and his pregnant wife to wait for him inside while he goes to grab the stuff in the car. however, many zombies show up before they can take off. so the husband tries his best to shoot the zombies. he runs out of bullets soon, but luckily has rene to back him up. later, the acid rain comes suddenly. however, those zombies who walk in the rain are turned back into humans and then snatched up to the sky by light beams. suddenly, the husband is dragged up to the sky by a person. he struggles and manages to get rid of the catch, but falls onto the ground unconscious. renee is so scared about getting caught to the sky that she gets out there with a pregnant wife right away. but the light beam is just after them. finally, the light beam makes their car turn over, and the wife is caught to the sky. after staggering out of the car, renee finds a bunch of hooded figures walking to her, and she is sprayed with the liquid. however, she soon finds her wound healed thanks to that. and the hooded figures surprisingly show her their real alien face. in a panic for a while, renee is brought to the sky as well. a husband wakes up and can't find renee and his wife, so he tries to fly over the wall. but in the sky, he sees many people floating there and hits one of them, who turns out to be the policewoman. at last, he flies over the wall and lands on the ground safely. suddenly, the vast wall changes into many spaceships, which head to outer space. meanwhile, the people in the sky land on the ground, and none of them is zombified. it's revealed that the people know that the aliens were coming to save them. the aliens built the vast wall so as to contain the spread of the virus. actually, they used the acid rain to cure the infected and put them in quarantine in the air. in the end, after completing their mission to save earth, aliens return to their own planet. humans are grateful for those unexpected visitors, but they have no idea that the husband didn't get cured yet, because he flew over the vast wall and spread the virus outside the town, resulting in the subsequent virus outbreaks outside the town. a quarantine area is built sometime later to separate the remaining human survivors from the infected. while armed with heavy protective gears, renee patrols around the clock to keep close eyes on the rampaging zombies, waiting for the aliens to rescue humanity once again, someday. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 