welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and whoo assassins brings the star and action of the raid to Netflix with the season that's one hell of a kicker. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the show, it's ending and what could happen in season two. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen season one yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for quick in this video. now let's get into my breakdown of whoo assassins. we were SAS UNS follows chi a martial arts expert, also known as the chef, who finds himself embroiled in an ancient war between the Wu Xing and mu assassins, two mystical groups that have secretly fought in the shadows over millenia. I'm gonna try and keep this as simple as possible, as there's a lot to unpack from it, so I'll mainly be sticking to the major plot points and trying to pronounce them correctly. from the off, the show introduces the dark side of San Francisco with the Triads enforcing their rule over the city. Kai's father is the leader of the gang and also a member of the Wu Xing. after Kai is given the powers of the Wu, the first season is primarily focused on him learning to hone his newfound abilities, whilst also stopping his father from taking over the world. though there comes some big power plays in the season that drastically changed the course of it. this adds a lot to the dynamics of the show, but at its core remains the battle between the two sides, which throws Kai to blows with his father. the Wu have mastered mystical abilities built around several elements. and each of the ancient spirits possesses and corrupts those that come into contact with them. they take their power from the Dao, which is sort of a limbo between the real world and the afterlife, which is where thousands of assassins who preceded Kai exist. this path comes into play in the ending of the season, and is where Kai begins to master his abilities. the path is devoid of time and space and exists in a sort of spiritual plane that the Wu are free to enter. however, if someone steps into it who's not been granted the correct powers, then this can cause disastrous effects on reality. kai is tasked by ying-ying to collect the elements, and she saw it, becomes his mentor. from here, car goes throughout the season from one to the next, tackling the forces of evil along the way, whilst building a group of allies made up of CG and undercover cop Tommy, his childhood friend, his sister Jenny, and many more. it's an amazing ride that feels like the perfect mix between comic book action and mystical magic that delivers a martial-arts masterpiece. the show even makes chopping of vegetables exciting, and there's some outstanding dynamism to the work. this is the bullet time of your life that showcases some of the best fight choreography that I've seen in the better part of the last decade. each action set piece tops the last. and it's a thrill watching Kai take down whoosing after losing in his quest to save the world. along the way, he collected most of the Wu and there's some big twists and turns and changes of power, mainly due to the death of Kai's father, who was murdered by zan, his trusted assistant, who takes over the gang. kai was really reluctant in fighting his father, and this death comes as a huge blow to him. this sends Kai on a quest for revenge. and it all comes to a head in the finale when Kai is almost blackmailed into giving up the wood. whoo - Alex McCullough, Alec is a prominent gangster and was holding Tommy in exchange for the Wu, which pretty much grants immortality to the bearer. left with little choice, kai tries to trick Alec and gives the Wu - Tommy instead, which completes the circle and opens the path. Alec suspected that this would happen, which is why he decided to hold the exchange at the ancient ritual site, which activates the opening that allows him to reunite with his family. that doesn't mean it's all doom and gloom, though. and inside it, the whoosing is removed from everyone, and Kai is seemingly able to bring them all together, as young Inge had done previously. Alec descends deeper into the path and meets his family way finally gets to spend some quality time with them out in the woods, think kingpin and into the spider-verse, but with trees. and you get the idea. his reunion is rather short-lived though, when he's pursued by Kai, who manages to kill him. Kai spares Alec's family, which is when we get a huge time jump that might leave some viewers confused. we find Kai back in the kitchen, similar to how we first met him in the initial episode of the season. and it appears, for the most part, things are back to normal. zan has moved away to try and become a more a member of the Triads, but everyone sells down to eat some awesome Asian food, which is when yang Yang appears and tells Kai that things are on over yet, the room begins to shake in this mantle similar to the way that a dream collapses in Inception. and he get the feeling that not everything's as it seems. so what does this mean? well, personally, I think that the entire time, like I believe things had returned to normal, that he was actually in his own limbo, similar to Alec, and that the ending of the season was all a hallucination. outside of the first episode, when yang Yang meets Kai, she only communicates with him on the path, so it makes sense that she would be here at the end, desperately trying to crawl him back to reality before he becomes lost in a dream. there were warnings in the season that the longer someone spends in limbo, that the more damaging it can be on reality. and as Alec spent a long time in there, it would make sense that Kai's perspective could be vastly altered to the point that he's unable to distinguish between what's real and what isn't. so what will happen going forward? well, personally, I believe that the second season will kick start with ying-ying pulling Kai to the real world and exposing that things in the finale didn't exactly go the way that he had thought. the fact that Alex spent so long in limbo has drastically altered reality, and the lines between the dimensions are now massively blurred, to the point that we have once more made their way to the world. there is of course, an who will now be a prominent figure in the Triads, and will most likely be wishing to fully take control of the district, no matter the means. this is why Kai is so essential, and why ying-ying had to go and get him because his powers are needed. once more. whether this happens or not remains to be seen, but there's a hell of a lot angel' that could come in the future. season. I absolutely love blue assassins and can't wait to see what comes down the line. as this series has got me hooked, obviously. I loved hear your thoughts and we assassins and what you took from the ending. do you think Kai is still in limbo? or do you take the ending as yin yang coming into the real world? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of this week's our the big release, scary stories to tell in the dark. would you be linked at the end? in it, I go over everything that you need to know about the film. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and come books, then you can follow me on Twitter at definition YT. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 