this doesn't make any sense. this is john, perfect. john looking for barbara morgan. she may know things about my husband. i thought you were pregnant. i kind of liked it. you're in remission. oh, thank god you do together. i dated his roommate. joel. was supposed to be on that flight. he wouldn't let himself move past it. i had to. i was pregnant to you. this is your baby. i could tell you it's not john's baby. your son doesn't know what happened to his father. mitch is his father. every time i was with her, you were humiliating me. do you love her? my daughter comes home today. i can't even call her my daughter. we want you to have something of dad. it's okay, mom. our dad's not here. everywhere i turn there's andrew stepping on my toes. he's the reason we're open in the first place. don't be so hard on your mom. we all cope in different ways. i'm not calling for help. i'm calling volunteer. this is the car people get when they're having kids. i think we should get it. what's going on? did he say elliot is not as open with his family. you outed a 12 year old hard to remember tomorrow with you. the money for the restaurant came from neil. who's neil? her uncle? don't go. i need you to help me get through. when i was younger, i let him touch me. what he did was sexual assault. your mom is sitting by herself in a restaurant. talk to her. maggie, i'm giving away the money to a woman. she'll download your money. we don't want it, mitch. i don't want my son finding out. i've been lying to him his whole life. john, i just wish i could talk to him. you have to forgive yourself. i think john might be my father. she's a lot of bags for just the weekend. um, it's just the weekend, right? i've left your father. whatever we did, whatever happened, we also created a life. after chad died, i just so wanted to believe that he was still here. that's what maggie wants. i was able to get you a 60-day extension on the foreclosure. you all lose a house. you come to boston to see me or him. i want to take on a line of credit. i want to give andrew his money back. let me help you. what is he doing here? i'm directing this commercial. no, you hate directions. no, let me help you. baby, about the night chad died. eric has your brother's heart. we figure out what we're gonna be. did you lose somebody too? my fiance. like it or not, you and i are gonna be in each other's life. i haven't played since i got sick. well, you're not sick anymore. open mic, night. i missed the first three months of theo's life because i was in rehab. now i'm here and i know exactly what i'm missing. i've been fighting with my dad. we're just so different. mommy, how was your child? i told him about your big case in the grand canyon. we decided charlie was gonna be john's baby so things would be easier for the kids go back to normal. and he found this at the dog shelter. you've been looking for him since last year. aj's getting digits. pj's not just some random kid. he might be john's son. i lost my brother in a car accident. is he the reason you don't drive? i applied to risd. you did. sweetie. is there any way that you guys could help me out? you know, we don't have that kind of money? what are these? i have clinical depressions. didn't wait for pj to open this. you should know first and be ready to help him with whatever the truth is. oh my god. sorry. i i'm so stupid. i'm making the decision to be the best father i can be for charlie. that means being honest with both of my children. i would be honored if you go on that cruise with me. are we okay? i'm still trying to figure out who i am without cancer. john is pj's father. i want a baby. i want a happy ending. so where do we go from here? i'm a good lawyer. you do not want to go up against her. why haven't you told maggie you were fired? apply for some fellowship? oxford dna test. it was under the bed. it's gone. pj's barbara morgan's son. why didn't you tell me? i almost lost you eight months ago, but today you were strong, unafraid, saying, i want to adopt a baby. nine months ago i sat here as a breast cancer survivor. today i'm in love with a breast cancer survivor. school musical you guys are doing grease? ellie got calm back too. your ex here's the form you wanted. it says that you're charlie's father. you keep saying you need to know who you are without cancer. maybe i need to figure out who i am without you. just there's something we need to talk about. it's about charlie and me. yeah, he spoke at his girl. i trusted you. i'm helping her move right now. i'm gonna tell her now. it's just not the right time you're gonna be this sexually active. you need to be careful. i haven't been with anyone since. i'm worried about you. i saved your life. you picked me up from jail. or even that script of yours, suicide thing, that's a tough self. there is stuff going on with your mom that you haven't addressed. there's something we want to talk to you about. i think he's struggling with you guys, almost getting divorced and then a new baby. half sister. take care of her. me wells jake, what are you doing? oh, i didn't get anything we needed, so you had to go get it from eric. this is not on you. i could have handled myself better. you told me when i was ready to tell you about elliott. you were ready to listen. when you're ready to tell me that you're still in love with maggie, i'm ready. so, are you a musician too? you ever hear of the red ferns really being our birth mother? i'm sorry. i said i didn't know where the father is, but i do know where he is. i just don't want him to know where i am. i was wrong. we can just be friends. i was just thinking the same thing. your suitcase you got us not that great. can you please listen? mom, she died. pop, try. i found those in the pink sleeping bag, pancakes in case soph gets the munchies. that was oxford. how do you get the fellowship? hello rome. hey. isaac martin, you're open? sending me yourself your hand. lindsay, is an alcoholic and i have the same problem. oh my god. what's wrong? that's him. that's there. whoa, whoa, whoa. did the band start without me? i'm gonna go with him and get him to sign the consent form. he finally did it. i go to my job. it doesn't have to mean anything. just have some fun. since i've been sober, i've been thinking a lot. do you remember the lake house? you ever wonder why we stopped going? of course i'm still interested in the fellowship. i would love to do it. i was thinking, what if we were new to our vows? much pressure on our relationship. i screwed up rome and i, we're adopting. if you had said that when we broke up, maybe we would still be together. you not. he's still in love with you. it was active duty for 18 months. thank you for your service. i have something for you. you think i'm running from gary. i am going to oxford. maybe i'm trying to find a reason to stay. i had a dream about alex. i need to know what happened the night she died. just tell me everything you remember. i love you guys. i can't be in your lives after the babies. it was our last night at the lake house. you and alex got pretty messed up. i went to check on you. you weren't soaking wet. but do we really? the next morning the police had pulled alex's body from i am not supposed to tell you this. maggie's going to hop it's been 20 years. why are you calling? please, colleen, please. what does that make me fresh start. can you take me back home? 10 years ago today, he got sober. i didn't believe in you then, but i believe in you now. what it wins? stop it. i already wrecked your wedding once. i'm not wrecking okay, i'm sorry, gina. we have to leave right now. what why? eve is in labor. we're having a baby. earlier, when maggie walked in, you dropped my hand. i don't make a big deal out of nothing. but if it's not nothing, i need to know. but eddie, we need to talk. everything was happening so fast, and they rushed her out of there. and i heard them say that eve was showing signs of preceptor preeclampsia. according to this, it's an increase in heart rate. sorry. such a huge crush on you. do you remember the carnival? did you drown? i know, but how? i don't know. yes, you do. you know something? i was drunk and i don't remember. was there anything in the pockets? i don't know. well, where did you put them? i hid them. when i saw the police, i freaked out. i didn't want you getting in trouble. scary. i was so lost. even before i got sick again because of my brother and everything. and, but then you came into my life, and you changed everything. i've spent so much time now what i realized is, i don't want my life without you. you were gonna come with me to oxford before. [Music], i would love it if you'd still do that. do you have any idea how many times i've wanted to hear you say that to me? i opened my eyes and i didn't think about you. i i did all the things. i gave you your space. i i hit rock bottom. i i went to see my train wreck mother, who abandoned me. i'm sorry, maggie. you're too late. just wanted to tell you that even the baby are fine. that was quick. i like you, gary. i like you a lot. i really do. so decide what you want. let me know. it's okay. do you guys have a name picked out? you do? we do. i'd love to name him john. know each other? yes. you want to talk to us, babe? [Music], she changed them. i realized for the first time, i can do this. i can raise this baby on my own. in the bracelet i got her, it was in my pocket. i remember now it slipped off her hand when i tried to grab that's why my clothes were wet. if it weren't for me, she'd be alive right now. and i couldn't let you fly to oxford without telling you how sorry i was. [Music], you're not coming with me. no, no, but once again, our timing is the worst. so go to oxford, have the best time ever. and when you get back, colin and i are going to want to hear all about it. betty, thank god. where are you? are you okay? yeah, i'm okay. and tonight i want to do the vows, even if it's just you and me. i love you, [Music] too. you 