if you and seven other elite candidates entered a mysterious room to take an exam that had no rules and no question, would you know how to survive? in this video, we're going over the 2009 movie the exam, and seeing if we can make better decisions for the characters and ultimately survive the test. before we get started, i just want to say, if you've been enjoying my videos recently, be sure to hit that subscribe button so you can see future uploads. alright, so without further ado, let's get started. as i mentioned before, the movie begins with eight of the final candidates for a prestigious job. they come from all walks of life, and all appear to be from different races, backgrounds and occupations. and they slowly file into the testing room, which is a dark room with just a chair for each person and a desk. on that desk lays a sheet of paper, which only displays their candidate number, which would be cannon number one through eight. after all the candidates are finally situated, an armed guard enters the room, followed by someone known as the invigilator, which is basically the proctor for the sat or the ap exam, except this is for a large company. here, the invigilator gives all the participants a simple set of instructions. there is no law in this room, but our law. there's one question before you, and one answer is required. if you try to communicate with myself or the guard, you will be disqualified. if you spoil your paper, intentionally or accidentally, you will be disqualified. we could see that the rules to this exam are rather simple. there's no laws. you just have to not spoil the paper. you cannot leave the room, and you cannot communicate with the guard or the invigilator. and all you have to do is answer one single question. the candidates are given permission to start, and there's a timer of 80 minutes for them to complete the test. however, once they flip over their paper, they find the exam is completely blank. obviously, all the candidates are very confused and unsure of what to do, so most of them sort of just fiddle and sit around, waiting for the others to make a move. so the chinese lady does the first move, and she starts writing on her paper why she believes she deserves the position. and she's quickly noticed by the security camera and removed from the game. if i were in this situation, i would do what the other seven candidates did and do absolutely nothing until someone else made the first move. after all, there are no rules other than the one stated, so you could technically look at other people's tests without penalty. here the white dude realizes that it's completely okay for all the remaining candidates to talk amongst each other. so they start discussing what the [ __ ] they should be doing. they conclude that although they're all in competition for the job, the best thing they can do is work together to figure out what the question is, so then they could actually compete and try to find the right answer. but they don't know each other's names yet, so the white dude bases off the best thing he could possibly think of, which would be their skin color and their hair color. you're black. i'm white, brown. we've got blondes here, brunette there, dark i suppose as well. at least we got death. we can see here that the white dude has taken control of the leadership role, and he controls the situation. if i were here, i would try to do the same thing. since the leader gets to make the decisions, and those decisions usually benefit themselves. just take a look at saudi arabia. the group then hypothesizes that there might be invisible ink on the paper that needs to be revealed through the lights. so they start shining their paper on the different types of lights around the room. however, this reveals nothing, and the papers are still completely blank. although this attempt technically failed, i don't have a problem with this because you're not expending any resources or breaking anyone's trust by doing this. however, i would be careful not to accidentally crease your paper, because i don't know if that counts as spoiling or not. the group then catch a break when they see those emergency lights that have yet to be turned on. so they go around smashing all the lights in the area, hoping that it will get the emergency lights to turn on. however, they don't realize this is not how emergency lights work. they only turn on in the event of a power failure or an alarm going off, such as a fire alarm. since this is some major [ __ ] movie logic, the emergency lights actually do turn on. this type of light reveals most types of invisible ink as well as [ __ ] you [ __ ] disgusted. so it's very realistic that it could reveal invisible ink on the people's papers. however, they're unlucky and there's no ink on the paper. white then realized the invigilator said that you can only get disqualified for spoiling your very own paper, meaning they could experiment on other people's papers without repercussion. so he grabs brunette's paper and fills it in with ink, seeing if the ink would maybe do something. however, it doesn't. if i were in this situation, i would definitely avoid being the person whose paper is being experimented on and the person experimenting. because at this point you aren't really sure if it's against the rules yet, so it doesn't hurt to play it safe. white then separates the paper into four parts, asking the other participants to lick and spit on parts of the paper while he takes a piss on the other parts. his theory is that bodily fluids might reveal the message on the paper. well, the idea is good. the two mistakes he made in his execution are he separated the paper into four parts. but what if the message is completely on one of the four parts? of the paper. in that case, you wouldn't be testing every body flute on that one part, so you might miss it. second off, he forgot two other body flutes, blood and [ __ ]. if i were him, i would pull up some chica fujiwara hentai and beat my dick so hard that both blood and [ __ ] came out. that way i could test to make sure the message isn't on the paper. the group realized the body fluids don't do anything, so they move on. but before they can, death starts having a mental breakdown. and everyone sort of stares at him like, what the [ __ ] should we do? brown then speaks up, breaking the silence, this is not an exam, not in the conventional sense anyway. well, no [ __ ] [ __ ]. this has got to be one of the funniest parts of the movie. the film directors tried to make him look really cool with this one-liner. however, he just repeated the most obvious thing in the room. eventually, distrust starts brewing throughout the group as they start running out of ideas, because they realize some people were invited to this exam, yet others applied, meaning that they know different amounts of information, with the people who applied knowing quite a bit more. so it's revealed that in this universe the exam is taking place, there's a pandemic. however, it's much more deadly than the kova 19 we're currently experiencing. so the company they're trying to get into is the one that invented this expensive drug that could treat the disease. white and brunette get into an argument after brunette shows some extreme interest in the drug and how long it would take to complete. so brunette's secret is revealed. she only wants to work for the company because all employees get a discount on the treatment, and her husband has the disease, which is an unspecified, but somewhat deadly and contagious disease. the group then decided that they should search the guard and see if he has anything of noteworthy value. so brunette gets up and pulls a lighter out of his pocket. the group then decided to light one of their sheets of paper on fire to trigger the fire alarm, which would activate the sprinkler system, which they believe is attached to something other than water. that would allow them to develop the photos on their paper, which would give them the question. i personally would not even attempt the solution because most photos take around 10 minutes to develop in a proper dark room. so even if they got the right chemicals, the room isn't dark enough for them to develop it. the group proceed with the plan anyways, and brunette lights one of the papers on fire and holds it up to the fire alarm, which triggers and causes the sprinkler system to turn on. they look at the papers as the sprinkler rains down upon them, but there is no message. however, towards the end of the shower, there is one message from the guard. brunette has been eliminated. this is because white handed her her own paper, meaning she lit her own paper on fire and spoiled it. although this is a clever move by white, no one else wants to eliminate other people, meaning he's only putting a target onto his own back. and now he can't play tricks like that when there's less people left. i personally would have waited for people to naturally get eliminated and save these tricks for the last few people. after these events, black is obviously very triggered since he wanted everyone to work together. so he threatens to punch white's lights out. at the same time the lights go out. and this is when they realize the lights are actually voice controlled. meanwhile, def is still having a serious mental breakdown in the corner of the room. so white convinced him to tear and eat his own paper, and as a result, death is also eliminated. so black is seriously ticked off from the situation, so he punches wyatt, knocking him out. and the group restrain him on a chair because he's now seen as a danger to the group. and this is exactly why you don't want to use all your tricks in the beginning, because then other people are going to get scared the tricks are going to be used on them. the groups start interrogating white, but it's revealed that he also carries the disease that started the pandemic, and he needs to take a pill every hour, on the hour. more conflict bruised throughout the group because brown accuses dark of being a plant and working for the corporation. personally, if i thought someone else was a plant, i would just keep it to myself as a secret. exposing them is not going to do anything for the group. instead, brown does the most insane thing he could possibly do, and he restrains dark and starts torturing her by slicing her on the leg. and it turns out she also had a history of self-harm, so maybe she's used to this type of stuff. it appears that he's about to go all the way and kill her. however, he doesn't do this. instead, he just wanted to get her to the point where she would be forced to tell the truth. after the torturing session ends, white starts seizing up, meaning that he definitely needs his medicine fast. dark retrieves the medicine. however, brown doesn't want her to give it to white, since he still think white is a threat. however, the other two definitely want to save his life, so brown hits the medicine out of dark's hand, making it land inside a vent where it seems to be stuck. as white has more symptoms, dark starts getting sympathetic and yells at the camera to save his life. because of that, she's eliminated. since you can't speak with the invigilator or the guard. honestly, if i were in this situation, i would definitely be taking brown side and letting white die. personally, i don't see any benefit of him being alive. he's just gonna eliminate you eventually. after dark is dragged out and disqualified, they eventually retrieve the medicine using blonde's hair clip. and after being fed, white is up and ready to be a dick again. after delivering a short monologue, he makes a bolt towards the guard's gun, which he fails in and black beats him to it. okay, let's don't be racist. don't say it. don't say it. black has the gun, and white dares black to shoot him. black takes the shot. however, the bullet doesn't connect, or the gun doesn't shoot, because it requires the fingerprint of the guard in order to fire. so white is able to fight off black and get control of the gun. he walks up to the guard and grabs the guard's hand, using his hand to operate the pistol. and using the functional firearm, he forces everyone to leave the room one at a time, starting with brown who leaves and gets disqualified. but then he goes on to the girl. right before she leaves, shells lights out, turning the lights off and allowing black to attack. a fight ensues, which results in the black getting shot. as time expires, it's revealed that blonde never actually walked out of the room. instead, she just sort of hid around the corner. so with two people remaining still, white proudly runs up to the invigilator and announces that he's the winner. i have no idea why you would do this. number one, there's two people still alive inside the room who haven't broken any of the rules, meaning that there's technically two winners. but here's where the big twist happens. it turns out that def turned the clock back 30 seconds, meaning there was still technically 30 seconds left in the game. and since white was proudly proclaiming to the invigilator that he won, he gets eliminated. and at the end, after white realizes all the destruction he caused, he tries to kill himself, but because the guard's hand isn't there, he can't even activate the gun. and so he's disqualified. so we're just left with blonde, who is the last person in the room. and she picks up def's glasses, which he dropped earlier, and uses a piece of glass to magnify onto the paper and see that the only question was question one, and it's referring to the first question the invigilator asked, any questions? and here's where the second twist happens. the invigilator comes back with the ceo of the company, who turns out to be deaf from earlier. and all blonde had to answer was, no further questions. and she's hired as the future ceo of the company. and it turns out the only reason that they need a backup ceo for the company is that the company developed a new drug that can regenerate living tissue. and the future ceo is going to be someone who has to think well on who deserves to live and who deserves to die. hence this test. and the black guy that was shot on the floor, well, he was shot with that drug rather than an actual bullet, so his heart just regenerated and he ended up living. and that's how the movie ends. blonde ends up getting ceo. everyone else gets eliminated. if you were in the situation, if you applied the tips i gave to all these characters, you would definitely be in the same position as blonde. and even if blonde was there, you would beat her out eventually. but yeah, thank you all so much for watching this video. i hope you enjoyed make sure to like, comment, what movie you want next, and hit that subscribe button. and with that being said, have a great rest of your day. [Music]. 