hello everyone. this is mr brain junkie here. and today we're going to be talking about a science fiction film called time crimes. be ready for some spoilers ahead. the main character, hector, lives in the countryside with his wife, and they're renovating their house. he has a hobby of looking in the distance with his binocular but here's a phone call downstairs. he picks it up, and strangely, hears only breathing on the other side. he tries calling back again, but goes straight to the recordings. this is really weird, since no one knows their new phone number, except for the workers. but they're off today as it's the weekend. his wife tells him not to worry, as she wants to have a little fun with her husband. just when things are going hot, hector realizes the phone is still recording. i guess we all know that that's going on the internet. hector sits in the backyard being a peeping tom again, while his wife works on building the furnitures. he sees something in the bushes and tells his wife to take a look, but she finds nothing. he looks again, and this time he clearly sees a young girl taking off her clothings. of course, he's not gonna tell his wife to look this time. hector waits for his wife to leave and quickly rushes towards the location of the young girl. he goes deeper and deeper into the forest like a bloodhound and finds the girl lying naked on the floor. with his binoculars. he slowly moves in front of her as he stares at her naked body and notices that she's still breathing. his little excitement gets cut short when a pair of scissors stabs right in his arms. he yells in agony and runs the other way. hector hides behind a tree and tries to figure out who stabbed him. he sees a man with scissors and bandages covering his head. the man looks back at him, knowing exactly where he is, which freaks hector out. as he sprints even further, he climbs over a fence and finds a large building with loud music playing inside. he tries knocking, but no one answers. so he throws a rock at the window and breaks in. personally, i think that's a horrible idea. and hector is terrible at decision making. he finds a weird picture taped on the wall, but he pays little attention to it. hector takes care of his wounds and finds a room with a bunch of machineries and walkie-talkie. he speaks to it, and surprisingly, someone answers back. hector tells him the situation and wants the men to call the police, but there's no signal in the facility. the man tells hector to run towards the silo on top of the hill where he's at. as he sees in the camera of the masked person heading towards the building. hector runs uphill towards the silo, but fails to continue as he runs out of breath. i guess she should have done more cardio instead of looking at girls with his binoculars. he hears a car closing by. no doubt is the masked person. the man from the walkie talkie opens the door, and hector makes it to safety. the man tells him that he's a scientist that works here, and he needs to hide in the machine, as the masked person would never look in there. the scientist assures hector that he'll follow right after he lowers the hatch. hector hesitates, but after seeing those horrific bandages again, he jumps in the machine without hesitation. he tells the scientist to come in after the hatch is being lowered, but the man ignores him, trapping hacked her by himself. he nearly drowns, but successfully escapes the machine and sees the scientists staring at him with a shocked expression. hector notices something wrong as he sees that there is daylight outside again, when it was dark just a minute ago. the scientist also seems to have forgotten about who hector is. what's even more shocking is that hector sees another version of himself in the house, doing exactly the same thing he did earlier that day. the scientist sees this as well, and both of them are stunned in amazement as they kneel on the floor. the scientist tells hector that he traveled back in time, although only briefly. he tells hector that he cannot go home, as it may cause his prior self to do something different and erase his own existence. he tries to explain to hector how time traveling works using the same diagram the hector has found earlier. to make everything go back to normal, all hector has to do is wait until his prior self goes into the time machine and simply then go home. no matter what, though he should never make contact with another version of himself at all cost. hector disregards this advice and proceeds to call himself at home, but is unable to speak and hangs up the phone, then rings back and continues to record the conversation, just like how it was before. frustrated and confused, he takes the car key and drives away from the facility. he sees the young girl that he saw earlier, and contemplates about what to do next. before he can finally start using that bring of his a red car rear-ends him and pushes his car into a tree. he wakes up with a bloody face, so he wraps his face with the bandages on his arm. as he begins to look more and more like the masked person, he realized that the person who stabbed him earlier was himself. therefore he must complete what that person did to his prior self. the young girl heard his crash and comes to make sure hector is okay. she gives him water and helps him trim his bandages properly with a pair of scissors. she tries to call an ambulance for help, but there's no signal in the mountains. she decides to go look for help in the nearest town and tells hector to remain seated and wait for her. hector takes the scissors when the girl is not looking, and asks her to help him with something. he looks through the garbage and grabs a black jacket, which she then wears. he tells the girl to go into the forest, and she reluctantly agrees. she tries to go back to the main road, but hector becomes forceful, and their dynamic completely changes. hector makes sure that his prior self in the house is watching with the binoculars, and tells the girl to pose and strip while his prior self watches. he tells her to take off her pants this time, but she knocks him over and tries to escape. hector pursues her and knocks her unconscious. he drags her body back to where it was supposed to be and takes off all her clothings. he hides while waiting for his prior self to show up. hector sneaks up behind his prior self and stabs him right in the arm, causing that hector to run away. he chases after and makes sure that he runs towards the science facility. hector returns and finds the young girl missing. he disregards this, thinking that everything went according to plan and goes home. he breaks into his fence and walks into the house. but he hears footsteps in the upper floors and hears a woman scream. he chases after it and gets hit by a table, which throws him off the stairs. he breaks into the door that the person is hiding in, but sees that the window is open. thinking that the woman must have gone on top of the roof, hector climbs up as well and tries to stop the woman from running, but throws her off the building by accident. he looks at her in shock, as the woman appears to be his own wife, covered in the jacket that she always wears. hector runs back to the time machine, looks through the window to scare his prior self and waits for him to use the time machine. he then tells the scientist to send him back in time even earlier than the first time. he went back. however, the scientist says that he can't do it as the machine ran out of energy. hector notices that one of the conductors are missing and forces the scientists to put it back. they go outside to grab the component, but hector realizes something else. the scientist knew hector would use the time machine before hector even arrived, as he threw the conductor out before hector requested to time travel. after being forced to tell the truth, the scientist tells hector that another version of hector told him to stop this hector from going into the time machine no matter what. obviously, it fails, as this hector forces the scientists to bring him back in time again. he gets out of the time machine and hides while seeing the first version of himself leave soon after. he then grabs a red vehicle from the facility and drives towards his prior self, knocking him into a tree. but hector loses control of his truck as well and crashes into the hills. he grabs the walkie-talkie and tells the scientist to not let his prior self use the time machine no matter what. but he knows this wouldn't work. anyways, he sees the young girl, now just escaped from the masked version of hector, and tells her not to be alarmed. they make it back to hector's house together, and they hear footsteps on the upper floor. the girl tells them to sit down while she goes to check it out. hector's wife sees her husband and is shocked at the wounds on his face. hector stands up as he realizes something very important. he brings his wife and hides her in the shed, telling her to not come out no matter what happens. he climbs to the second floor and sees the young girl trying to tell him that a masked person is coming up. hector grabs a table and throws it downstairs, hitting his prior self. he tells the girl to be quiet as he puts his wife's jacket on top of her. hector cuts her hair and tells her that they must hide her appearance from the intruder. he tells the young girl to hide in the room and lock the door behind her, which she does as she hears the man coming up. hector then retrieves his wife from the shed, and the two sits in their backyard waiting for the events to pan out, a string accompanied by a crash can be heard, and the young girl dies in the place of the wife, while the previous hector drives off to the science facility. so what do you guys think about this movie? let me know in the comments below. and if you like my video, please press like and subscribe for more. i'll see you guys next time. [Music]. you 