welcome to the man of recaps. I'm the man of recaps. and this is the Bachelorette week seven. the king is in Latvia, which is a country. and the first solo date goes to Garrett, the golfer. we haven't seen too much of him so far. he seems to be a generically cool guy, but today he gets the spotlight because he and Hannah are going bungee jumping naked. apparently that's a tradition in LA via, but it also might be the producers just making stuff up. either way, Hannah and Garrett go for it. woohoo. this adventure instantly bonds them. he still had a great day. the next day is a group date through the Latvia market. I think one of they it's a really fun time, until Hannah talks about the naked bungee jumping. and you know who doesn't like that? Luke P in an effort to be more real with Hannah and open about his feelings, he tells her that he doesn't like it, but he uses some freezing's like, hey, I'll forgive you even if you make boneheaded mistakes. it seems like the way he really feels is that she already belongs to him. so getting naked with other guys is basically cheating. bro, you're on The Bachelorette. this is how it goes. Hannah doesn't respond to later in the episode where she basically says, hey, it's my body. you don't own me. I'm gonna show with a bunch of hot guys. I'm gonna do what I want. now, the next one-on-one day is with pilot Peter. just like golfer Garrett, they have alliterative names and jobs. they get to do some sort of traditional latvian spa ceremony, which is basically, rub yourself with salad dressing and get in the sauna. Peter immediately starts making out. he's a forward guy. we've seen him push her against the wall back in the beginning, and then on the pool table. it is hot and steamy, and Hannah liked it a lot. but late that night, singer Jed is up to something. he's been a front-runner top one or two, for sure, but he didn't really get to see Hannah this week, so he goes to her balcony and serenades her, and he sneaks in a little secret makeout sesh. now, if you thought the drama between Luca P and the guys was over, you are wrong. Garrett confronts Luke about confronting Hanna about their naked bungee jumping. last episode, Hanna used the phrase, stay in your lane to mean, hey, don't worry about the other guys. just focus on your relationship with me. the guys have taken that phrase and run with it. that was coming out of your I'm not getting in your lane. we're just saying, you're not staying in your lane. he thinks I'm getting his lane. I'm not saying, you. you. you. you keep doing you. it's kind of hilarious. so headed into the rose ceremony, there's a few guys still who haven't gotten that much screen time, and those are the ones that go home. and the question again, will Luke P stick around? yeah, he's still in at least another week. the other guys are not happy. but Hannah's holding on to that initial spark they had, hoping that he'll turn it around. they can rekindle it. follow me on Twitter and Instagram to see my one-minute episodes. I cut them down to one minute. it's a really funny way to watch it until next time. man if recaps out. [Music], 