you won't believe what happened to this girl after she ate an infected chicken nugget at the farm where it all started. we find some chickens acting up, then we're treated to a little montage of how chicken nuggets are actually made. kinda gross. wait a second, this nugget doesn't look so good. maybe we should take a look at that. nope. okay. unfortunately, it passes all inspections and makes its way out for distribution. eventually it ends up at a school in a town called fort chicken fitting. then at a school cafeteria, a girl named shelly sinks her teeth into its succulent flesh. yummy. then we meet clint, a failed writer turned substitute teacher currently living with his mom. relatable, he asked her for some feedback on the book he's writing, to which she kindly responds, oh, it's wonderful, sweetie, yeah. but like, tell me how you really feel, mom. his mother proceeds to tear into the book, explaining she was left confused, bored and constipated. oh, okay, mom. clint heads to school while testing out some chapter ideas. the boat was evil, but it was an acceptable level of evil. that's it. that's the one. before he arrives, he runs into rick, a security guard. he confuses clint for his mushroom dealer and asks, do you got the good stuff portobello shiitake? uh, i'm a substitute teacher. he arrives and ends up sandwiched in by this behemoth of a truck. it's owned by wade, the gym teacher, who must be compensating for something. clink reads the vice principal when he's informed he'll need to hand in his phone. this is a no phone zone, and we can't expect our students to do something we won't, the man continues to ramble. you know, we really gotta get these kids outside more, even if it means locking them out. and i will do that. moving on. clint pays a visit to the teacher's lounge, where he meets rebecca. she sternly warns him not to look at her funny, because she's got an alarm button with her at all times. one press and the popo pulls up. weird, flex but okay. then wade walks by to grab some coffee. clint tries to make small talk, but wade just ties him up. and down. god, can this day get any worse? just as he utters those words, ray of shining light emerges. lucy, is that you? clint runs into an old classmate of his that he hasn't seen in 15 years. they immediately kick it off, and she's all smiles. i heard you went to new york to chase your dreams. yeah, i i did, but, um, i just wanted to slow things down for a bit. meanwhile, a teacher named doug is seen reading a book titled how to have a normal conversation. he awkwardly walks up and erupts, god, it's a scorcher out there. huh? uh? yeah, man. then wade joins a conversation, and doug meekly wonders away. clinton, wait, exchange. greetings. pleased to meet you with me to please. yeah, before clint makes mention of the parking incident that happened earlier, my truck's got a dual rear wheel. what was that? dual rear wheel? come again a little louder. oh, dual rear wheel drive. gotcha. wade learns that clint is a writer, so he asked him about his upcoming book. well, it's about a guy with a possessed bow. wade proceeds to call out clint's unoriginality by referencing some other similar works. we cut to a classroom where two boys are teasing shelley, you look like my butthole's ass. okay, you get an a plus for that brilliant use of descriptive language. just outside, lucy directs clint to his room, while he remarks that wade is a jerk. he's my boyfriend. god damn it. clean. arrives to class and writes his name on the board. one student points out that his name looks like something else. i'll have to let you guys figure this one out. very funny kid. what's your name, patriot? patriot proceeds to proudly remark that one day he'll be a soldier. thank you, patriot. very cool. alrighty, time for today's lesson. clint has another student, calvin, come up to read his book out loud. very cheeky way to promote your book, clint. anyway, as calvin reads and clint enjoys, we can hear shelley wheezing. patriot leans over to get her attention, and then, oh crap. she's wearing a weave shelley lunges at him and takes a chunk out of his cheek. clint breaks it up, but takes his crotch for his troubles. he takes patriot to the nurse who recommends stitches. clint teases the boy, oh, you'll tough it out, won't you? patriot. after class, clint heads back to the teacher's lounge and chats up lucy again. meanwhile, outside, a boy named dink confronts shelly about biting his friend. shelley can be seen attempting to dig a hole under the fence before she attacks dink. this sets off a chen reaction of carnage as dink proceeds to run around, infecting everyone with slashing strikes. rick, the security guard, witnesses the entire thing, but is under the effects of medication. nonetheless, he hits up the principle and reports the happenings. look at him, snooping around on everyone's phones. very naughty. whit is out there too, completely unaware of what's happening as he plays ball by himself. then he catches a glimpse of clint and lucy laughing it up through the window. at last, the vice principal has arrived to bring order to the chaos. or not, he's quickly restrained by the infected and torn inside out. meanwhile, in the lounge, oh, look, carnage. the teachers pile up at the window and spot wade, who's just now realized what's going on. rebecca presses her alert button while wade gets cornered. then he issues a warning, i was a state champion in football. you don't want this smoke. right after the words exit his mouth, he takes off, smashing, tackling and clapping everyone in his path. he just barely makes it inside and meets up with the other teachers. geez, those little shits are fast. not to worry, sheriff, dave has arrived and everything's going to be fine. wait, dave, stop. oh, geez. and shelly dug her way out of the fence too. dave makes it back in the car, but before he can call for backup back in the lounge, tara strikes. his patriot pulls up. he goes straight for rebecca, but she dodges at the last second. instead, this lady feels the power of his patriotism. wait, coldly but correctly locks her in. then the group heads out to a safer spot. they arrive at the library and find calvin there. everyone freaks out, but tracy, yes, that is his name, don't judge, remarks that he's not like the others, and i'm not just saying that because you're the only black student. uh, okay, but yeah, he's not infected. calvin joins the squad as they move towards the band room. once there, an unwelcome visitor appears. everybody collects themselves, while doug inspects her appearance. inside, clint and wade argue about what to do next. clint wants to go to the vice principal's office to retrieve their phones, while wade chose violence this morning. let's just grab some weapons and beat them up. a few insults are thrown like a little hobbit. wait a second, is that a lord of the rings reference? lucy breaks things up, but then, out of nowhere, clint's stomach has something to say. he says he doesn't feel so well, before realizing he was scratched by shelley. wade picks him up and then man handles him away from the others. this is your home now. shortly after, doug checks in, on him. he emerges and reports that after a thorough and gloveless inspection of clint's bodily fluids, he believes that the sickness affects adults differently. basically, if your balls have dropped, then you merely get a stomach flu. the group accepts clint back into their ranks, and they all head off towards the roof. lucy cleverly realizes the parents would be pulling up soon, and that they could signal them for help. oh look, there's one. unfortunately, the woman is on her phone, then her infected boy starts walking up. try as they might, the teachers fail to grab her attention. her son enters the car and realizes his baby brother is quite appetizing. what the hell are you doing, huh? [Music]. the teachers look on with horror, when suddenly, oh wait, she's not infected. the girl tamara joins the squad, and upon realizing the zombies can climb trees, they all head back inside. the infected make chase, but wade keeps them from entering. for the most part, dink made his way through and has a hold of doug, never mind realizing what he's just done. to that. poor boy. wade walks off for a moment of self-reflection. he heads into the closet where perhaps he belongs, and sulks about what he did. lucy comes in to comfort him, but he's in a bitter mood. why don't you go talk to your boyfriend, he says, referring to clint. i see the way you smile at him. i wish i could make you smile like that before wade can collapse into a weeping beta. the lights go out. the group springs into action, but calvin is asleep. uh-oh. he's diabetic and needs sugar fast. then the sound of rattling keys emerge. no way, they can use keys too oh, it's just hitachi, the janitor. he directs everyone towards a secret hideout. wait, you live here? yeah, pretty cozy. not gonna lie with the clock ticking for calvin. the group needs to come up with a plan fast. clint notices an air vent. if that connects to the vice principal's office, then we can get our phones. hitachi whips out a map of the vents. and since clint is a hobbit, he's tasked with embarking on the journey. he sets forth in the vets as doug leaves him with some encouraging words, remember, clint, if you fail, we're all gonna die. lucy snatches the radio and sends good vibes and prayers his way, though wade begins to make fun of him, like this is a modern warfare 2 lobby. lucy has enough of weight and decides she's going to head into vents with clint. i hate every single one of you. chill. the pair meet up and proceed towards a vending machine for calvin's sake. once they arrive, lucy splits up to get her phone, but finds that they've all been destroyed. meanwhile, clint tries to get a snacky, wait, dude, just break it open. before he can come to that revelation, a little emerges. clint hides and waits with baited breath, but then the girl screeches, alerting patriot. in the process, lucy returns, and patriot is not far behind. the pair rush into the vents, but so does patriot and the others. clint and lucy don't have time to stop, so he tosses the candy bar down the vent for calvin before continuing forward, wade locks the vent while the pair seek refuge in another room. then clint opens up about his feelings for lucy and the fact that he's actually a loser relatable. somehow this inspires her to kiss him. i gotta try that. shortly after, clint finds some um candy in the kids bags and feeds it to them. this causes them to pass out. and then the new couple makes their escape. meanwhile, wait in the gang gear up for a final battle. wait, why is he swinging that so sensually? moving on. as they head out, we spot weights popping and yet pragmatic drip. the group runs into clint and lucy, and then they proceed forward. hey, do you have games on your phone? no, no, i don't think i do. a couple more kitties pull up, but wade swiftly batters them. then they make it outside to the playground, while hitachi stays back to honorably hold off the rear wave. look at this man's moves. just outside the teachers in the infected clash in an epic display of carnage, wade decides to stay back and fend off the fortnite players, while the others continue take care of her, will you? clint with his blessing, clinton and the crew continue in wade's dual rear wheel drive truck. yes, i did it while driving patriots springs into action, but then gets flung across the road. he gets up and strikes a terrifying pose, while clint shifts the car to reverse. oh, that's good stuff. soon after they find the town to be completely decimated, they come across some tvs reporting news from other states. yep, we're screwed. doug suggests that if he could just get his hands on a nugget, he could perhaps reverse engineer it and find an antidote, but first we gotta get out of here. they end up in a chucky cheese or something, and find some nuggets, along with a lot of hungry zombies staring at their next meal. before things turn deadly. someone pulls up. somebody order a badass. yeah. could i actually get a side of fries with that? why didn't hitachi blast the infected with water guns? okay, actually, you dummy. it's gasoline. everyone gets back in the car while wondering how wade found them. well, i can always find where my real uh, so i don't know how to tell you guys this, but that's literally the end of the movie. i'm sure you guys notice the new drip on the channel. check the link in the description. that's the guy who made it, and he's kind of hilarious. show him some love. 