hello and welcome to movie spoiler alerts. today we're gonna be spoiling the 2001 film, Jurassic Park 3. so let's get started. the film opens on to tourists Ben Hildebrand and Eric Kirby, who are parasailing around the dinosaur island of Isla Sorna, the island from the second film. their boat is attacked and everyone aboard is killed. while Ben and Eric are still parasailing, they detach from the boat and sail into the island. the movie shifts to showing several of the characters from the first film, including dr. grant, who is famous for the events taking place in the original Jurassic Park, as well as dr. Sattler, who is married and has two children. dr. grant and his assistant, Billy Brennan, are hired by a wealthy couple, Paul and Amanda Kirby, to get an aerial tour of Isla Sorna. the Kirby's tricked the team though, and they are actually a divorced couple, and they intend to actually land on the island to save Ben, Amanda's boyfriend, and Eric, the Kirby's son, grant, attempts to protest, but the Kirby's hired mercenaries knock him out after a rough landing involving both an attack from a Spinosaurus and a t-rex. the remaining survivors escape to search for Ben and Eric. they find the parasail in a tree, where they also find some Raptor eggs, causing them to flee. they run and hide in an abandoned engine compound, where they are pursued by rafters and other dinosaurs. and a few of the members of the group are picked off. dr. grant ends up finding Eric, the Kirby's son, holding out in a pseudo bunker. however, Amanda's boyfriend, Ben, was not so lucky. grant starts to believe that the raptors are actually searching for something, and later on discovers that his assistant, Billy, actually sold some of the Raptor eggs, and that's why the Raptors are so viciously pursuing them. the group mistakenly enters into the Pteranodons house, which attacked the group, and Erika's picked up and carried away. Billy saves Eric by using the parasail. however, Billy himself is attacked by the aterna Don's. the group escapes the Pteranodons house, only to leave the door open by mistake. they escaped down the river using a small boat that they had found. they find a ringing phone that they had lost much earlier in the movie after the spinosaurus ate it, and pick it up in order to contact dialer Saddler. however, the spinosaurus comes back, attacks the boat, which is eventually scared off after the boats fuel is set on fire. eventually they make it to shore, only to be surrounded by raptors, still wanting their eggs back. doctor grant has a man to return the eggs to them, while using a raptor Alera NEX that he had 3d printed to try to sort of communicate with the pack. when they run to the coast, they find that the US. Marines and Navy have arrived to help them. they also find that Billy survived the Terra Don attack, but is very injured. the film comes to an end and we see the group leaving the island, only to see Terra Don's flying free, most likely looking for new nesting ground. so that's the spoilers for Jurassic Park 3. if you have a film you'd like to see the spoilers for please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, listed below, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 