before love again. let me start by saying I'm thinking a midlife crisis would be a lot and easier for all of us if we had superpowers. I mean, if I quit working out, I doubt I'm gonna be able to save the world at 50. and yes, I could save it now, if I want to. since you asked the stars of our movie today, ah, coach, the kind of woman that makes you a man of constant sorrow, and dammit, he's everywhere. stags Edwards flame. our story begins with mr. incredible on his way to his wedding with Elastigirl. but he makes a few pit stops along the way to save a cat, stop some robbers and crush the dreams of his biggest fan. after that, mr. incredible encounters, they last a girl who flirts with him and reminds him she's gonna be waiting for him at the altar, and he better get his there in a quickness when he makes a few more pit stops along the way, again, to prevent a suicide, stop another robber who thinks mr. Incredibles name is miserable, pardon my french, and crisp the dreams of his biggest fan again and incredible, it's like, you don't gotta be special to be special. and missing quail is like, that's only what they tell losers when he finally makes it to the church, unless the girls at the altar waiting because he's late. and she's already up in his face, like, I know you just saved like 20 people in the past eight minutes, but if you want to get this you better recognize you're gonna have to be better than that. see, that's why I ain't getting married, because I could be rule of the damn planet, but she'd be having me in a headlock. like I would appreciate it if the bathroom didn't stink after you take a shot. so, to kick a man while he's down, and to tighten the chain attached to that ball, mr. incredible is supposed into retirement by a bunch of other nags complaining that they don't like the way he saved their worthless lives, pimped. and then this bit like, I don't even know who the she is with her aunt a superhero rhetoric. and I'm like, go ahead, get you load up by dr. Knievel. I don't give a [ __ ] she looked like a breath smell like a sock full of holes radish. so all superheroes are forced into government superhero protection program. and here's Paul, mr. incredible, 15 years and 342 apple-pies later, helping this poor old lady and getting scolded by pussini. and mr. incredible is like, I can't believe I'm at the mercy of a loudmouth [ __ ] whom I wouldn't let pick my nose. oh yeah, living the American Dreams. duck in traffic, soaking it in like the rest of the drone, miserably eatin you meatloaf while you read the paper about all the crimes you could have prevented but weren't allowed to while you ignore your family. then get pissed that your family is loud and annoying and your life used to be cool, but now it's bornus. so you bought her on using your superhuman strength to almost become a domestic abuser. then start trying to act calm and cool again when your friend shows up to take you bowling. happens every day. but to escape your annoying family, you lie to your wife about where you're really going and [ __ ] the crime behind your wife's back. so tomorrow's paper won't be so damn depressing. so Jules and Vincent make some jokes about boring bad guy monologues. some chick from The Matrix follows him, and when he gets home, he get snagged again, because in this tip story, good is somehow bad, and better is somehow worse. then Elastigirl tells all of her family it's time for bed and gives mr. incredible this look like, just don't expect no booty tonight, stupid. save a bunch of people and then don't get no damn booty yep, the dream continues. Oh, who's this? so mr. incredible is, once again getting scolded for helping people. he sees someone else he wants to help, he's told by that [ __ ] that he can't help, then proceeds to pick up said [ __ ] and then gets fired for wanting to be good and beating the [ __ ] out of the bad guy. and I'm starting to detect a sort of theme here. but when he gets home, Oh, what's this? and he just sit there like, oh, god, just watch miss Elaine Quayle. you don't get paid super dough to do super things with your superpowers. midlife crisis averted. ooh, that was close. now is the time to tell mrs. incredible some bald-faced lies so you can go have dinner with an exotic, silver-haired thought with a sexy accent. okay, maybe midlife crisis wasn't averted. get in there tubby this is the six we still Hollis. and don't give a good damn about your emotional eating disorder yet. and then he look at her like, it's baby weight. see this way, never having children. I don't want to go from mr. incredible to Mister inflatable. so in the midst of an epic battle with the Omni Droid 9000, this all best to be like, ah, oh, my back was hardly surprising when it has to support that enormous gut. but ain't no school like the old school. so he wins anyway. and this turns them all, and it turns missus incredible on to and it finally gets that booty, which is wider than it was in the old days. but that was supposed to happen. she's the one who had to three children. dummy. I would like to take a moment to say dis Edna is my favorite character because she speaks her mind. she will not hesitate to call her dumb somebody a dumb somebody. she's like my spirit animal. we both got fabulous fashion sense. we both walk around calling dumb bits darling. and she too is voiced by a man, and she don't hesitate to tell a middle-aged man that his fashion sense need to get with the times and the capes of producers, unless you're Batman. meanwhile, at last, the girl be getting suspicious. and she starts thinking, is my husband gonna granny this you hear on the phone and be like, that don't sound like no granny. and he ain't acting suspicious at all. then you know how women be acting like she taking care of yours? she be like, I was just checking to see if your battery was fully charged. but really, she just be looking to see who you've been talking to. and then when she finds out, she's like, imma kill him. then she confronts the woman and ends up lured to her house and getting involved with a - okay, I think I'm all some kind of fantasy tangent. now, that's about the time you start to realize you done up. and mr. incredible is like, no, not this prick again. and he says, remember what I said? anybody could be special. and then you said, you know what you said? you said, that's only what they tell losers. what the hell is wrong with you? you know how tough a child gets after that. get to low self-esteem. stop piss on the bed. gotta get counseling. something terrible. mr. incredibly rude. but mr. incredible escapes and finds a password strategically left behind by a super corpse here, traits the secret supervillain systems, and finds out that, like many middle-aged regular folk who decide to look up people from their past on Facebook, most of his friends from back in the day are deceased or married some ugly Joe got, like, crazy obese, or like pretend a lives will fulfilled because they got children, but there's wine in every picture, and, you know, laying drinking it to stay sober. or they try to post pictures of their skinny days, but they have a bad mother, and it looks like the 80s threw up all over the picture. if the funniest Daniel woman texts you and blow your damn cover and get you busted. so with a little pep talk and a big slap for me, he Elastigirl goes to check that down. and the damn knows the children's stowaway on the ship and violence like me. and unless the girl is like, my mama, mom, will you told me to always be nice to people, but now I'm telling you to jump. and this is why you should never take family trips. they always in like this. so they find a safe haven where mama gives them a little pep talk. she's like, remember those cartoons you used to watch? way even the bad guys had some restraint? what does he like them? this is a Disney movie, and they will light your little adolescences up. I mean, remember Bambi, cute that little bastards mama right in front of him. and Nemo, his mama and all his siblings got aid. and have you seen what they've done to the Star Wars franchise? massacred those movies, right out in the open for God and everybody to see it. so do not think for one moment that Disney gets enough person about real life, little children that they will not commit the unthinkable in front of their innocent little eyes, ruin their childhoods and scar them for life. sleep tight, I'll be back. so momma infiltrates the base, but takes a moment to worry about the size of adults. I know she's animated, but them downs. and as usual, when you're on vacation, you children got to be causing problems back at the hotel. then agent thought releases mr. incredible, and he thinks about choking her, then gives her a hug. and it's looking to me like this woman in love with a man who choked her, has some major emotional issues. then, as a bonus, you get punched by his wife. that about sums up most affairs, I think. out in the jungle, the children are playing with their new toys, and then start Jesus fronting. and I'm starting to think maybe Jesus couldn't walk on water. maybe he just ran really, really fast, like - of one of them lizards. so then they all meet up and start kicking sand in syndromes like, oh, hell no. you married at last a girl and got busy. so he captures the family, starts monologuing his diabolical planting plans and then just leaves them hanging there so they can escape to Stockton. you know, I'm starting to think we being too hard on this syndrome. let's think about it. underdog came up from nothing, got shat on by his idol, worked his way up from the bottom, best decent. meanwhile, back in the city, Frozone sees syndromes. robot neces- I quit. his super suit is and she says what he's like, say, what again? say what again? I dare you. I double dare you, mother. well, once a loser, always a loser. and of course, the Incredibles win, because what the you think was gonna happen? then, in the last-ditch effort to get under their skin, this tow tried to kidnap The Incredibles baby. and then the baby rips out his bozo locks and emotionally traumatizes him, like father like son, just before his douchey cape sucks his dumps into a jet engine. and my only surprises the Disney didn't show his douchey syndrome segments spewing out the back. and on the day and credit heads, I just want to take a little moment here to state my appreciation for the creativity in this movement. what more does a husband want than to be strong for his family? what more does a woman want and arms that can literally and metaphorically reach into dangerous places to pull our children out of trouble? what most as a husband won't and a flexible wife? what more does a young boy want? them to be a speedy little pesky. and what more does a young, outcast teenage girl month and to be able to just disappear? and then you got a black guy who just wants to chill and is named fro zone. okay, this is either the most brilliant characterization ever, or is just one big damn cliche. and races to stop. it's time you left. Jackson came. he races. and then the sequel is supposed to pick up where this left off, with them fighting this guy, the minor, or the underwear, or, you know what, the end. I just thought about something. how come she wasn't missing last a girl, and he didn't become miss day, last a girl? and then they call this movie the elastic girls. sex is doing. ok. be sure to like, share, subscribe for regular fix of meth you can expect me to upload more videos every time it's Disney movie released weekend. full movies explained. fall. I'm jab a down and yes, we are all special losers. 