before we begin, let me start by saying myth has been declared an essential business, not by our governor, he's a dump, but by me. so let's hit it. the stars of our movie today, ah, George Bailey, Princess Grace of Monaco and Perry Mason, please. our story begins with, okay, you know, this movie came about because of the fact that Alfred Hitchcock was the ultimate creeper. you don't see a whole story from the second-story window of one lb. Jefferies, aka Jeff, who's watching bunches old little screens of Ministers. he's too stuck at home, ain't we all? let's see what we have here, broken bones plus crushed camera, plus curious crash photo of the Dale Earnhardt race. too soon. and this is all of us right now, just shaving, even when we don't got to, because there's nothing else to do. I can't be down the wall razor burn on my yes. across the way there, we see some gals who pretending to add a nude beach because the real ones closed. and it feels like it ain't never gonna be open again, ever again. but the good news is, mr. Jeffries gets to dream about ogle me, Bobby, watch miss artiste downstairs. give her to me. nye and people on rocket man, because I think it's gonna be a long, long time before he gets to leave his apartment. all right. now you know why all these windows and points of view this story in this apartment here gonna be as dumb as tiger king. I wonder what they saying follow something like, oh, I feel so awful, probably because you were gone. oh, speaking of it's time to call your mama. and then miss artiste come over trying to offer unsolicited advice, and dude is like, shut the [ __ ] up. I'm just trying to look for a place to bury my wife, cuz I don't got a tiger to either. so into the home health nurse, and she ain't wearing a mask. she is part of the problem. I wear a mask to take up the garbage, and then I come inside the house, wash my hands, take off the mask and wash my hands again. then I burn the mask, and they're not burning the furnace to burn the mask, and then I wash my hands again. it's not rocket science. this is not a drill, because people in my broke neverhood are so damn boy, they are hanging around my garbage can and propping a nasty Corona, reading elbows on my garbage can lid. weird is all feeling about my damn garbage can. what are we talking about? all right? lb, who is about to get his ungloved? shiatsu. and no, there's not a breed of dog who at this point would be less infectious than this unsanitary masseuse without a mask, because she is part of the problem. and I'm supposed to be making jokes because I think I'm pissing myself off. and she'll Isha's him about marrying a woman you don't want to married, but the woman should be the one not wanting to marry him with them flopping man boobs. and who the hell want to be around anybody right now? I don't want anybody around my anything. no, today I got pissed in my milk, being too close to my cereal like that. if I can get is old milk. Oh cereal, or anything but my damn garbage can. oh, these newly was about to be all up in each other's faces, spreading them germs, r.i.p. and here's his woman, who, you know, must love him, kissing him with that middle of the day nap breath. so she all perfect in her perfect dress, with her perfect hair and her perfect waiter and her perfect meal. but lb ain't worried about Miss Perfect. he's worried about Miss lonely, playing make-believe. oh, that's me. single folks all alone with nothing but our imaginations and a fifth of whiskey. easier to find whiskey to milk, put - no cereal if you can find it. and she's like, oh, he must have called his mama. oh, you calling your mama? or you mean to tell me you found another woman to tolerate you, dang. gotta live with you because she gave birth to you over cuz she's confined in the bedroom of your apartment? oh, he mad now been over Italian dances apart. hey, I still you creeper. do pumps before Alfred six-feet bit. so later that night, Lisa and Jeff have an argument about how, once you get out of quarantine, he's gonna have to travel to all the places he hated to go to when he had to go but now he's stuck. he wouldn't mind a little visit to a third-world country where they ain't no toilet paper. wait, that's where he is now. boy, tell. the point is she's too perfect, and she can't go because you can't get that color of root touch-up in places where pre-packed ramen is a delicacy. we're just looking like it might be up next on my quarantine menu. and then she stopped screaming. and then she stopped screaming. and then her husband leave with a mighty small suitcase. big nag. oh, oh. it takes multiple trips. that's nasty. and then we'll meet this cute little dog, it must be, so we can get attached to it. and I'm rambling too much, so I best speed this up. the next day, old tubby have a peeping to see who's peeping on him. and the dog smells a bone or skull or something. and Jeff use a big plans to get a good view. this fool wrapping up his butcher knife and handsaw in broad daylight with the blinds wide open. I ain't gonna lie. I'm free checking my neighbors. I think of potential criminals too, if I wasn't so afraid to see DC going to update their guidelines next week to inform me that I can catch the corona just by looking at dump somebody. and there's a lot of them late at night. Jeff convinced his leases something about this, right? Lisa finds out the man's name is lost thorwald. Lhasa has men carry away the trunk, which allegedly contains the remains of his wife. and then, no, don't go. don't do it then, Lisa, oh, that's right. girl, wear them gloves. but what think of all that is good and holy. don't think I'm off. and then handle them like that, a new device. and just detective friend tells Jeff, the trunk they thought held the dead body of laws, his dead wife, was delivered to upstate New York and sign for by laws his wife herself. and now we're just all can confuse what I tell you. guess he was the dog who knew too much. look, mister murder, you can go and miss body, Miss achy breaky hot and that Elton John want to be over there revising his arrangement of Bennie and the Jets all you want, but you touch that dog and I woke up dead, kicked out. shoot. what y'all ain't watch the Sex in the City. I'll repeat during quarantine. oh, me neither. so while while trying to stay six feet apart, Jeff and company believed lost has put his wife six feet under. but ain't really room for a body down there, so they decided they gonna have to do their own detective work. Jeff price lies a dirty note. lisa delivers said note. loss gets all helices a paranoid. and Stella's like Miss Lonelyhearts, laid out something that looks like hydroxychloroquine, or as one former New York City Mayor ridiculously called it, hydroxy quit alone. that damn month for Egypt Paris was enough. but that's what Miss Lonelyhearts from his apartment. Lisa and Stella go digging for buried treasure and don't find so much as a dog turd there. Lisa just invite happy, frightened Eliza's apartment, where she snoops through his wife's things. Jeff calls the cops on his lonely heart before she hears Elton playing, can you feel the love tonight? and he's so moved by the sentiment that she abandons her plans to offer self, at least it gets caught by laws. and Jeff just sit there being a big old piece of chicken do. and she'll thank God the cops Jeff called on Miss Lonelyhearts a scream and save her from the murderers hands of the suspect. good. then she waves a hand - Jeff - show him she found a wife's ring and lost seize it. and now Jeff about to get the nagging Dogo treatment. after a little chat with his detective friend. Jeff hangs up, and the phone rings, and the dumb bit assumes it's the detective again, but it ain't. and he just starts talking about laws being the killer, until he's like, oh, cool, doodles. he's on to me being on to him. could I just lock the dog, or you could just stand up and be like, oh, damn, I got a cast stone. but personally, I like to think I would have just talked a good fight, muscled on, hobbled my one-legged self up that step and said, I'm mad as hell and I'm not gonna take it anymore. or am I just scream you get away from that dumb [ __ ] before I cut a Cubs flesh Saviour of the universe. flesh, ah, he'll save every one of us. flesh, he's a miracle. then his rumble in the Bronx in the next house, brain, then life carries on. and mr. John wound himself amidst lonely, no more heart. and they paint over the bloody walls of thorwald's. and miss Jo so got her a man who's more interested in chicken breasts than her breasts. and the married couple has put their pants on long enough to realize being married generalists. uggs. and now, because that bit couldn't keep his in his apartment for another week, he's gonna have to sit his happy tonight tiny apartment even longer. another case is so dead, and the neighborhood is boring as but if they want some excitement, they are welcome to come to my neighborhood, where we hidden the floor - sound of fall clips unloading, presumably into somebody's last night. and that ain't no joke. day. and be sure to like, share, subscribe for your regular flesh, Oh, entertaining everyone of us. it's hard for me to ask for money during these trying times, but if you got it to spare, I would appreciate it so I don't gotta hide in Mama's bedroom floor. yeah, while shots ring out around us. what's that? is that really happen? I ran your real man. we're just gone back to sleep. but I have done that too. just something special about fall clips and stairs, just like one or two. will you stop watching that? [ __ ] on my off [ __ ]. we in a gang war. as boring as quarantine is scary, is just a tiny bit worse for moods. explain fall. I'm jammed up. dive now. stay off as a home so you'll catch the cooties. i'ma come up dead, kick your shoot. 