listen, my answer to that question, who would win in a fight, godzilla versus king kong, really hasn't changed since about first grade, i think. and so it that was what was exciting about doing this film, was that i was able to, uh, put my stamp on that, that that, that question, the big question of who would win in the in that fight? and uh, that, more than anything, was the reason why i wanted to make this movie. and he's right. let me explain now really quick, looking back at the original 1963 fight. you know, i've heard people argue for kong, people argue for godzilla. and throughout the years, and especially by region, it seemed to vary on who won the fight. but i think it's clear that it kind of ends in a draw. but the way godzilla taunted kong dab to check himself, that's a win in my book. decades later, we have everybody booting up cinematic universes all over the place. but unlike something like universal's monsterverse, i'd say wp, is kepters legendary. it's been a series filled with oscar winners and international stars. they haven't all been perfect, and the humans are pretty dumb. but i think the monster fights deliver because of the amount of money they put to the vfx. and i think that that's all due to the interesting directors that they've hired. adam wingard would like express to us a lot with noises, like he's like, okay. and then congo's, he would describe the different type of growls, because we had to understand. he's like, this is a specific growl, or, this is a growl about being sad, or whatever it was. so it was always really funny, because it was different growls throughout the script. the wingard crew. yeah, they seem to have that down pet. now, kong skull island would chronologically be the first of the new monster verse, and it starts to branch it all out. and it's post credits, you know, they kind of see the island as a surface level version of what we'll see in this movie as the hollow earth. and it was one that really made me respect kong as a character. i've always liked him. i think he's a good dude, even though i'm always going to be team godzilla, because some of the kong fans are weird. i get asked all the time, like, when are we going to see kong's penis um. and i don't really have a good answer for that, uh? i mean, would it be interesting to see? i guess so. i mean, you know, he's presumably has one, but, you know, it just doesn't show up on camera. with the 2014 godzilla, it was that one movie that everyone was so excited to go see, and then you don't even see the title character for a long time. it definitely was more focused in on the humans and not godzilla. you know, they were looking for the goldzilla, since it was full of emmy winners, you know, a lot of actors who were in their prime getting oscar nominations. and i will say, would i have loved to see more of brian cranston on screen, you're goddamn right. but in the end, if you go back and re-watch it, while i think they should have marketed maybe a little bit differently, it is really cool to kind of see, you know, the perspective of humans in the universe of godzilla, right? it's really, you just following them as all this craziness is going on. i do think the first half of the movie is better than when we're following the max moff twins who are married in it. but i do think that their perspective, you know, that the fact that you're following it off from the humans, kind of like a cloverfield aspect, adds a lot more anxiety from the way that you view the entire thing. granted, that perspective also means that it's gonna take you 56 minutes in until you barely see godzilla's tie. i guess we're monster hunters. now, we may have seen more of mando's face and godzilla in his own movie, but that doesn't mean that it doesn't deliver. in fact, i think that this movie has some of the best godzilla growls that progressively get louder and louder to the point that i remember my seat shaking in the theater so much that it cracked my phone. they're iconic. plus it gave us this classic line, let them fight. in terms of king of monsters, i made an lme for it, and it still holds up the same for me. it's got some really fun action set pieces that are clouded in rain dust, anything that'll cause your tv to glitch if you're trying to stream it. but the big thing that they set up here is all of these humans and their viewpoint on them, whether they see the titans as something that needs to be defeated or controlled, while others are seeing them as a cure for the planet that's getting rid of diseases, even if those diseases include humans, which are still the worst part of this movie. that's rich. i couldn't be more sane. but while the 2014 followed decent human characters for a majority of it, king of monsters tried to go 50 50. it's just one half was kind of trash. godzilla versus king kong, i think, finally balances it out the best, in my opinion, giving you the monster clashes with the updated, craziest effects you can ask for for this new generation, while still having a little side of dumb humans. now, personally, i give it a full combo price. so full spoilers. if you haven't seen the movie, definitely go check it out. it's on hbo. you can blast it and play it seven times over like i've done. just, you know, be careful, because the more they're hearing godzilla growl, you can get your neighbors knocking on your door. this is, this is not another movie that you can a versus movie where you should walk away still asking the question, who won? this has to be the definitive answer to the question, who wins? godzilla or kong? now, breaking down the two, godzilla's size and tail are clearly the advantage here, you know, because that thing is so sneaky. and even uses it in the first fight as a misdirect when he's coming up on them, which is really smart. but considering his tiny hands, look, i i gotta give it to khan, cause he's got that reach. both have the ability to shoot beams zillow from its breath, and kong's axe, when he's able to hot potato back to him. but here's the thing though, as much as i don't care about the humans, you can't ignore the amount of assist they give kong throughout this flick. for one, they're the ones who bring him into the battle, which, you know, it's a lot better than the way they upped him in the original. but they're always assisting him in every way, shape or form. meanwhile, it's always godzilla on his own. and he comes into this first fight and sinks their battleship in seconds. oh, godzilla is roasting king kong. now, be honest, in this first one, they do mention that kong has been sedated because they're taking him out there. he's like 88, so i'm not gonna fully hold the first match against him, even though a couple days had passed. become did also have the humans helping with fighter jets. you know, they're shooting zilla from the ships. even beamed him out of the water. before kong drowned. they provide kong with jets to dart, the ability to hopscotch across the water. and still, zillah has him hitting the geronimo. see, godzilla beat him so bad this first round that they actually had kong played dead. legit. rebecca hall had everybody turn off the lights on the ships so godzilla would think that they were going night night, and he could swim away. so at the bell, it's one, oh, the monster who has the moniker of a deity. now, really quick for the in memoriam, we actually do have a pretty big death that happens in this movie, and that's dr mark russell's screen time, because they like legit bench coach taylor. in terms of the story, they still have each human following a monster for godzilla. there's brian tyree henry, who plays a podcaster who used to work for the big company apex. he's the whistleblower who does nothing but yell. i like brian, but they made his character too goofy, in my opinion, you know, because they're trying to create this like, conspiracy trope with them, but it doesn't really make sense, considering the world they're living in. you know, one that has these posters up in schools. they even had a bit where he mentions bunkers, and it's supposed to be outlandish, even though millie's mom and the last one straight up confessed, over the last 60 years, monarch has prepared bunkers around the world to save and restart civilization. i suggest you find them. couldn't be more sane. he's got a calculator, watch a fanny pack. he rans about the illuminati and secret societies. and really listens to him, that podcast is filling your head with garbage. millie also got cut down in this movie, but she still finds herself having easy access to high security facilities. she does research and drinks coffee, and is able to find the dude who's extra cautious about his location by buying fish off the guy who sells in bleach. now, this big company, apex, finds a way to lure godzilla in to destroy their facility, to make him seem like the bad guy. since everyone knows that zilla doesn't shoot first. they're just trying to bait him. you know, the big ideological debate, again in the movie, is whether you're a pro monster, anti-titan, or you're one of those who is more central than the hollow earth, claiming coexistence. but apex is run by simmons, who's played by damian beshear, who reminders should have won that oscar. and he's looking to solve the earth's titan problem, and has recruited serizawa's kid named ren, who's doing everything that his father didn't want him to do. i guess he hates godzilla because his dad paid more attention to a lizard than him. but simmons also has his daughter, maya, who babysits for her dad, practically running assignments and looking to extract an energy source to power up their new project. feel free to be impressed. a lot of that centers around finding the hollow earth, which baby dre first mentioned back in skull island. and they kind of show you a map of it, where you see all these funnels that kind of, in a sense, have allowed godzilla to travel as fast as varys, since they're like the east australian currents, to any point on earth that he could just hop in. and that's where dr lind and dr andrews come in. starsgard's character is the one who's been studying and pushing this theory about the hollow earth ever since his brother died searching for it. yet when he's finally on his way down there and is passing the gravity inversion level that crushed his brother, just cracking jokes, it's almost like they forget how they write these humans. rebecca hall's character is considered to be the kong whisperer. and while they want to call her like the jane goodall of the movie, she practically owns them. but when it comes to kong, what i say, goes, you name the terms. she also takes care of this little girl named gia, who no one monitors, since she's walking right up to primates more frequently than eric andre. and she also teaches kong sign language, which i don't know when she found the time to do all that, or how, even though he's under constant surveillance. nobody noticed. but i'm excited to see kong expand his vocabulary after homage. in 2001, they find a path to enter the earth's core. and i love how the humans have created this facility. it's full of tunnels. you know, it's probably cost trillions of dollars over the decades that they've been building it. and godzilla creates a freeway straight down there with his breath in seconds. now, kang does get another dub when he's down there, when he's fighting more creatures. but again, i'm just like, i'm not counting zilla's apex destruction in the beginning. i'm not counting this one because they're not part of the title fight. but again, you see that he continues to get assist from the humans. he also kills maya, which he does get full credit for, but still not as satisfying as that one kill from skull island. but i would love to see future installments take place down here completely. how make it an hbo series? and don't skimp on the money? i know that a lot was cut down from this version because adam wingard mentioned how he didn't want to have a six-act popcorn movie, which i respect, you know, i think it does work in being able to just make it something that you could sit down and enjoy over and over. but you can tell that there's been a lot of extractions in the movie, and they went over time with the glue. they cut out lance reddick's character, who is the director of monarch. so i feel like that should have been a big deal to keep in. the chen twins, who appeared in the previous movies are also gone, and i feel they're more important than some other characters who have stayed. and the cast even talked about how they filmed a lot when they were in the hollow earth that probably should have been an hour's worth. and well, none of that is there, just the shot of baby godzilla. so i don't need the five hour cut. and i know people have been split on, you know, these longer versions, but please, please, please just jam pack those features when you have the 4k come out. that said, while it was dope to see kong down there, you know, being able to take his throat as king, what's a king to a god? now, the main fight and destruction happens in hong kong, which is why it topped their box office. and damn was there more neon than blade runner. junkie excel score wasn't better than the previous ones, in my opinion, but it delivers on the synth adrenaline that they were going for. and if you've seen adam wingard's movies, you know that he loves that type of music. and i think that the fight is everything that it could have been. the way kong uses his axe as a perfect homage to when he made zilla eat his greens. kong's ripping rooftops to shield himself like cap. he's taking zillow's breath and kamehameha back to him. they mentioned earlier how kong has kept growing when they had him in that dome. but like, damn, yo, y'all couldn't make godzilla's head any bigger. i'll give kong this, there's this punch he does off a building that had me adding three points for him on the box score. and they really had him finagle zilla's head like he was a monstar. it was so disrespectful, but not as bad as what the true king does, the true titan. was obviously going to prevail. that by the end of it, zilla had slashed kong's back and scratched his chest so bad that it almost made it down to the core. he really was like, king kong, ain't got [ __ ] on me. he beat kong so bad they had him stumbling to get up. he looked like apollo and balboa. but then, [Music]. now, as we saw with the after credits of the previous one, simmons is actually able to get a hold of one of gadora's heads in order to hotwire it, due to its telepathy, in order to be able to power and control mechagodzilla wren tries the pacific rim it, but after harnessing the power that they were exploiting down in the hollow earth, gedora just takes over mechagodzilla becomes one, chucks both of them, and we get round three. now, again, khan gets a literal boost from the humans to revive him, and they're able to double team the robot. and i will say that, while this does look like the first slight el godzilla took, i mean, godzilla didn't know he was gonna have a double header that day. he just finished constructing i-290 down to the earth's core. and, you know, what he did kind of loosen that peanut butter jar for conor to come in and sock and bop him. but this thing was amped up. it isn't until, again, the humans pull the plug and de-power mecca that they're able to take him down. and i've heard some people try to use the logic that if mecca was owning godzilla and kang was beating up mecca. when it comes down to it, this was a double team. it was godzilla's breath that charges axe all the team effort. the two stare at each other and acknowledge that they want more sequels to come, and then they go on their merry ways. as it ends, just like the touhou contract. now, i'm not sure how many people know this, but the touhou contract that they had was only up until 2020 in order for wb and legendary to use these characters, in particular, for godzilla. so i don't know what happens next, because it seems like there was some duping going on in the background. i know that touhou has some rules for the characters when they lent them to legendary uh to do these reboots. and one of them, i believe, was that godzilla can't show emotion. yet they had his goofy self smiling when he hit kong. sure, they gave godzilla the win, but they also kind of gave kong the movie. not only is the opening shot kongs, he's the one who gets the development. we see him learn a new language. we visit his childhood home. it's practically an eat, pray love for him. and even right at the end, when we're supposed to get the classic godzilla swimming away in the water and then a rock song plays with credit, kong really swung in and stole it. according to interviews, this was supposed to be the after credit scene, but according to my eyes, they played it before it rolled. so there's some sabotaging probably going on here. i just hope that they do find a way to extend the contract, because at least at this point they haven't. and i i know that they both see godzilla differently, the studios, maybe even the countries, but it would be dope to see more installments. but man, they really had gone staring at him leave, knowing good and well that he was gonna take back. that final shot. it's slick, at least this time around. it is definitive. and if you disagree, you know, it's probably going to be another 40 years before the kid who's watching this installment right now goes to film school and does everything in his power to redirect that rematch. but until then, thank you for watching this video. and i'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. who are you rooting for? do you see it any other way? i mean, godzilla won. he's the winner. he's the one who's prevailing. i'll see y'all in 60 something years when they try to do it again. but i'm glad that he won, although i do feel he may have gotten duped. i really do hope that they fix the deal and they're able to extend it. they better not have just used godzilla for all of these movies and then they're just gonna push kong with like a mini series on hbo and focus on the hollow earth. i want them to continue this whole titan verse. i wanted to get bigger and bigger and bigger, like people have been wanting to see with all the fan installments that they that they're hoping for. but, uh, yeah, i'm curious to see your thoughts. on this movie. what your favorite scene was? out of the ones that we've gotten so far, what is your favorite? um, i still think that godzilla is probably the best made one, but the one that i've rewatched the most is this one right here. again, the the humans are so dumb, but i think the fights deliver for what they need to. um, it's pretty, it's pretty cool to see both of them. i like when popped his shoulder back in. i thought that was pretty cool. but remember, uh, even though he's king kong, he's godzilla and still the king, but he only uses that as a subtitle. it's only a matter of time before they make this a theme park ride. so, you know, i'm gonna be there for that, because the movie already felt like that, uh. but until next time, i'm curious to know your thoughts on this. any big franchises you want us to cover? wb, please don't block us until next time. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. and coach taylor will finally get another scene. 