[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1978 horror classic film, Halloween. so let's get started. the film opens in Haddonfield, Illinois, with six year old Michael Myers killing his sister Judith with a kitchen knife on Halloween night. fifteen years later, Michael Psychiatrists arrives at a sanitarium to determine if Michael should be imprisoned for life. Michael escapes, however, and steals dr. Loomis's car. Loomis, knowing what Michael is capable of, pursues him to head in field. michael arrives and kills a mechanic and steals a white mask and some knives from the local hardware store. on Halloween, michael begins stalking Laurie Strode. Laurie is concerned, but her friends Annie and Linda brush her off. dr. Loomis travels to the local cemetery to find Michael's sister Judas headstone has been stolen. Loomis meets with the local sheriff, sheriff Brackett, and they search Michael's former home, where Loomis details Michaels evil nature later in the evening, Laurie and her friends are all babysitting different neighborhood kids, unaware that Michael is watching them. annie drops off the girl that she's supposed to be taking care of with Laurie, and then Annie tries to leave to pick up her boyfriend, Paul, but is killed by Michael. we later see Linda and her boyfriend Bob arrive, who have sex, but both are killed separately by Michael, with Linda being killed while she is on the phone with Laurie. Laurie, who is now suspicious, goes over to the house and finds the bodies of Annie, Bob and Linda, as well as Judith Myers headstone. Michael then attacks her, and she runs to the house that she was initially babysitting at. Michael attacks again, but Laurie fights him off long enough for the two children that she is watching to escape. dr. Loomis, who has been patrolling the streets, sees the children fleeing and shoots Michael several times, knocking him off the balcony. however, when Loomis goes to inspect the body, we find out that Michael has escaped. so that was the spoilers for Halloween. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments. remember to like and subscribe and follow us on our various forms of social media. thanks for watching. [Music]. 