welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition. and with the Joker being shown at film festivals worldwide, it was only a matter of time before leaks from the movie made their way to the Internet. whilst we can't show the clips in this video due to Warner Brothers striking channels and bringing them down, I will be discussing everything that happens in them. just in case you didn't get a chance to watch them before they got removed. there are some huge, huge spoilers for the movie here. so if you don't want to go into the film with some of the big pot elements ruined, that I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking the video. now, let's get into the breakdown of the footage. ok? so the first clip shows the Joker dancing on the steps in public in his full costume. he's strutting about to rock and roll, part 2 by Gary Glitter, which, yeah, I don't know why they given that guy money, but he's thumping away on the stairs and seems to be having a blast with it. Joaquin Phoenix is fully inhabiting the role, and it's full of slow-mo shots and seems like a music video at some points. that really sets the tone for the film. the next leak was a two-minute clip of the Joker on the show with Marie Franklin, played by Robert De Niro. and Joker says, knock-knock. Murray says, who's there? and Joker says, it's the police. your son's been killed by a drunk driver. rich, yeah, I was trying. I'll try. I wasn't laughing at that, I promise a promise on that one. the old heads, and myself included, gasp and condemn him for not being funny. and then Joker apologizes, but says, it's been a rough week, ever since he killed those three Wall Street people. the audience gasped again, and Murray says he's waiting for the punchline, but Joker says, it's not a joke. we didn't get the Marc Maron cameo. and Murray asks if he killed the people on the subway, which to me, confirms that the plot leaks that we got were true, as this was a big point in them. Joker tries to justify the killing and says that he finds their death funny and that comedy is subjective, and that he's sick of people deciding what's right and what's wrong. and he then says he killed them because they were awful, and that everyone is awful these days and it's time to make a change. Murray says that not everyone is awful and to stop wallowing in self-pity. office says Murray is awful because he only invited him on the so to make fun of him. and Mary tries to get him taken off, which is when Joker says, I've got another joke. what do you get when you take a mentally ill person and invite them on the show to make fun of them? he then shockingly shoots Murray in the head, which splatters blood everywhere, and yet just completely catches you off God. Joker gets up in the studio and begins killing people mercilessly. it's really extreme, and it's also a gripping scene that, even in these short segments, had me on edge, and I was almost kind of panicked at just how much things had escalated. the next one shows Joker being chased by police on the train, and authorities start closing on him, the train is packed full of clowns, and after starting a fight, Joker takes a mask off of one of them and is able to blend in with the rest. we shown a lot in the trailers, and seems like a smart way to operate, to get around the law. the final clip is probably the most shocking one, and has Joker in white facepaint, but without the red lips and eyes. and he's with what I think is his father. now, in the leaks, we did hear that he abused him as a child, and Arthur was brought up believing that his father was Thomas Wayne, and this robiola, he wasn't, and was, in fact, his abusers son, really broke him. we see this in the scene as Joker violently stabs him in the neck before smashing his head against a wall in the house, completely showering his skull. he keeps battering it, and honestly, it just gets so extreme. like I was pretty shocked, that is how hard they went with it. Arthur's father's accomplice cowers in the corner crying, asking why he did it. and Joker says it's crazy that he's on telly tonight. he says, the accomplice can leave Bert, he's a dwarf and can't reach the door to get out, which is when the scene ends. now, from these you can definitely see why this is a hard R it is probably the best-looking DC film I've ever seen, cinematography wise, and it's so visceral and raw that it's hard not to just be sat on the edge. you be see through it. this is brutal, and it reminds me a lot of Logan, especially the hardest part of that movie, as it's just non-stop when it ramps up. I think the film has an incredible tone to it, and you can see why it's getting so much praise. of these short clips alone, this has the potential to be the best comic book movie ever made. and I'm just so glad that DC are going in a new direction and not trying to copy Marvel, because this just looks incredible. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the clips. and if you managed to see the leaks before they were taken down, make sure you leave your thoughts on them in the comment section below. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my full leaked pop breakdown of the movie, which will be linked at the end. these leaks pretty much confirm all of it for me. so definitely watch that if you want to know more, if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books. and you can follow me on twitter at definition YT. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there after this. also, just wanna let you know that we're giving away a free copy of spider-man far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is to like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the Joker leaks in the comments section below. the winner will be chosen at random on October the 15th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then to have a good surprise. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 