[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2017 superhero film, guardians of the galaxy, vol 2. so let's get started. the spoiler does require, in part that you've seen the previous film. if you'd like to see a summary, check out the links in the cards. the film opens with Aisha, the leader of the sovereign race, having the guardians of the galaxy protecting her valuable batteries from a massive monster in exchange for Gamora sister, nebula, who was caught trying to steal the same batteries. however, rocket steals some of the batteries for himself, and the sovereign attacks the guardianship with a fleet of drones. the drones are destroyed by a mysterious ship, however, and they crashed on a nearby planet. a man from the mysterious ship reveals himself to be Peter Quill's father, named Eko, and invites quill, Gomorrah and Drax to his home planet. while rocket and Groot repair their ship and guard nebula, yondu and his crew are hired by the sovereign to recapture the guardians. yondu and his crew have been kicked out of the Ravinder community for child trafficking, primarily referring to how he trafficked peter as a child. they capture rocket, but yondu hesitates to turn over quill, and then yondu's lieutenant, taser face, leads a mutiny with the help of nebula. after succeeding, taser face takes over, and nebula leaves to find and kill her sister, Gamora. rocketing, yondu bond, and with the help of Groot and crackling, a yondu loyalist, they are freed and destroy the ship, but taser face is able to warn the sovereign. we transition to find that ego is a god-like being known as a celestial who manipulated matter around his consciousness to create a home planet. he also created a humanoid form where he can project his consciousness in order to travel the universe. and while doing so, he fell in love with quills mother, meredith, eventually leading to her pregnancy. upon her death, eagle hired yondu to collect quill to bring him to the planet. but quill was never delivered. nebula arrives at egos planet to try to kill Gamora, but they come to an uneasy alliance once they discover a cave filled with scale. ego then reveals to quill that he actually planted seedlings across the world, which he can terraform into new extensions of himself, but can only be activated by two Celestials. he impregnated thousands of women and had yondu collect all of their offspring in hopes that they would fulfill the role of the second celestial when they failed, ego killed them, explaining the cave filled with skeletons. under egos influence, quill is forced to help him activate the seedlings, which begin to consume every world. but quill fights back. when ego reveals that he actually killed quills mother due to the distraction that she posed mantis, he goes empathic servant, grows close to Drax and warns him of egos plans. Gamora and nebula learn of the plan as well. just as rocket, yondu, Groot and cracklin arrive. the sovereign drones also pursue them as the Guardians try to destroy egos brain house in the planets core. rocket makes a bomb using the stolen sovereign batteries, and group plants the bomb on the brain. quill uses his newfound celestial power against ego to distract him long enough for the other Guardians and mantis to escape. the bomb explodes, killing ego and disintegrating the planet. Yonder sacrifices himself in order to save quill. quill realizes that yondu kept him hidden for so many years to protect him from being killed by ego. and quill accepts yondu was his true father figure. nebula chooses to leave and to try to kill her father, Thanos, by herself. the guardians and several Ravinder groups have a funeral for yondu, acknowledging his sacrifice and accepting him as a Ravinder. again, in both the mid and end scene credits, we see several things including cracklin trying to use yondu's telekinetic arrow. Ravinder leaders to Karo board, reuniting with his ex teammates, roots starting to grow back to his normal size, acting like a stereotypical teenager. aisha creating a new artificial being to destroy the guardians named atom. and lastly, Stanley talking to a group of Watchers about his experiences on earth. so that was the spoilers for the guardians of the galaxy vol 2. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check us out our various forms of social media, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 