marianath and duke of edinburgh and knight companion of our most noble order of the garter. winston still thinks he's the father of the nation. i elizabeth, alexander, mary, take thee phillip. take thee phillip, to love and cherish and obey, till death us do part, till death us do part. happy to say the procedure went well and that his majesty's immediate postoperative condition is satisfactory. party has won the election. and as as their sovereign, i invite you to form a government in my name. it was a tumor, a malignant tumor. it could be years, more likely months. which brings me to the forthcoming commonwealth tour. i was wondering if you would consider stepping into my shoes. my work is as a naval officer, not grinning like a dimension while you this is your time. the country needs a younger, more dynamic man. ahead of them lay a 30 000 mile trip that will take them, in five months, to four continents. the journey which, but for his illness, the king himself. [Music]. together to mourn king george the we are comforted by the knowledge that he spent his final hours in the happy company of his wife and youngest daughter. the princess been notified. if you mean the new queen, my understanding is not. and i suggest we do so decide here and now on your name. my name is elizabeth. he fell asleep. as every man or woman who strives to fear god and nothing else in the world, you're no longer their king. as a private individual, oh, no. one wants to hear from a private individual. i discharged my last duty as king and emperor, and now that i have been succeeded by my brother, i have crossed the atlantic for the funeral of the dear brother and to comfort her. majesty. queen mary, get the two things we discussed, the children keeping my surname, yes, and of staying here in clarence's house, not moving to buckingham palace. both very important. they say, hell is an inferno. what a sunless, frozen hell we both escaped in england. what a bunch of ice veined monsters my family are. i know your party wants you to resign to make way for a younger man. mr eden, this am i to be the only man in the country whose wife and children don't take his name. you can't do this to dick. clarence house, our home. we have to give it up. the home of the sovereignty of the united kingdom is buckingham palace, and that my descendants shall bear the name of windsor issued a statement saying that a persistent anti-cyclone over london is to blame. smoke from the capitals chimneys is being trapped at street level, which is aggravating the fog. power stations, we need the coal. people need to burn coal to warm their homes. it is weather. it will pass. winston, people are angry. they see us as the culprits, culpable for what it's for. even among his own people, the feeling is that our prime minister is not able to deal with a national crisis as prime minister. immediate effect, more money for hospital staff, more money for equipment and a full and independent public inquiry into the causes of air pollution. i'd like you to come aboard my coronation committee, in which capacity as chairman, of course, the royal family is obliged to extend an invitation to you as a royal duke, but that obligation does not extend to the duchess of windsor well, at last, it's all over. mama took ill in the afternoon, then began hemorrhaging in the early hours. i'll support you in the turn rising, on one condition that you kneel. so when his divorce came through in december last year, i suppose it was only natural that we both started thinking about what kind of future. but will you know, mary, yes, i've given margaret my word, and i'm determined to support her. following consultation with the government, the foreign office and her majesty's press secretary, the decision has been taken to move forward your posting to brussels with immediate effect. but that isn't what was agreed. how could you, margaret? i would hate to think that the country wasn't in safe hands, being led by healthy men. we are both fine, ma'am. i assure you. that's all a minor stroke. who knows? no one, and no one can't know, especially the queen. president eisenhower is due to meet the prime minister in washington for summit next week. but mr churchill's developed a cold. my prime minister was incapacitated, and the foreign secretary too, and that you colluded in keeping that information from institutions only work when they support each other. breaking of that trust was irresponsible. see you when you're back from the tour in 23 weeks. and since i shall be deputizing for my sister tonight, i was wondering if i might make one or two minor adjustments to the text. you can't use a public occasion to take a dig at your sister like that. you start too it's just the palace, won't you like it? the minute you become yourself, you shatter the illusion, break the spell. you can't seriously be comparing this to the abdication. no, but i've decided that all remaining royal engagements in the queen's absence should be carried out by the queen mother. the brief was simple, perform minor ceremonial tasks with the minimum of fuss, not end up all over the newspapers. who the painter? the paint or portrait? what portrait? it's the official portrait commissioned by both houses for the very last time. winston, to bid you to stand up. i will in good time, at the right time. are you winning? i hope, sir, you think i'll like it. i think that's possibly too much to ask. [Applause]. and i cannot go on. you've said that before, and this time i mean it. i'm tired. my confidence in sir anthony is complete. be able to hold the place of my first prime minister. wait two years. but now that i am 25 and free to decide for myself whom i will marry, great pleasure and pride that i say i am still committed to peter. would you hate the idea going to australia before to open the olympic games when i didn't mean with me, i meant alone my name. the issue of your marriage has, for the past weeks and months, gone to the very heart of a great number of things. but i realized, as queen that i have no choice. i cannot allow you to marry peter. i will never forgive her, and i will never marry anyone else. they now suggest i combine opening the games with raw tour. stay away even longer. five months. long way to go. [Music]. you 