[Music]. [Applause]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1983 Christmas movie, A Christmas Story. so let's get started. the film is a series of vignettes with adult Ralphie Parker narrating around the time of Christmas when he was 9 years old, set in the 1940s. for this Christmas, the only thing Ralphie wanted was a Red Rider carbine 200 shot range model air rifle. however, throughout his various stories, he is often told that the BB gun isn't a good choice and you'll shoot your eye out. there are several side stories in the film, including when his father went to lay up in the shape of a woman's leg and his mother accidentally broke it. stories of his father's battles with the furnace, the family's issues with the neighbors dogs, including later ruining the family's Christmas dinner, causing them to have to have Chinese food for Christmas. Ralphie and his friends issues with bullies, his friend getting his tongue stuck to a frozen flagpole after a dare, washing out his mouth with soap after swearing decoding a secret message that only says, be sure to drink your Ovaltine. watching his brother Randy eat like a pig on the day of Christmas, Ralphie initially thinks he did not get the BB gun, getting some other gifts, including an embarrassing pink bunny suit from his aunt. but Ralphie's father later shows him one last hidden gift, the Red Ryder gun he wanted. Ralphie goes outside and shoots it at a sign, but the BB ricochets back and knocks his glasses off. thinking he actually shot his eye out. Ralphie tries to find his glasses, but accidentally steps on them. Ralphie tells his mother that they broke from a falling icicle, and she believes him. Ralphie goes to bed with the gun by his side, and we hear adult, or a fee, state that this was the best present he ever had or will receive. so that was the spoilers for a Christmas story. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let us know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 