welcome back to movies explained. today we're looking at the 2007 horror film called 30 days of night. barrow, alaska is a small town located on the northernmost side of the us. they have a tradition of cutting off from the rest of the world for 30 days of night. a man gets out of the ship and moves towards the town in the winter snow, it's the last day of the sun. eben, the sheriff of the small city of alaska, is with his friend billy when they find a burnt pile of satellite phones. billy thinks of it as a prank, but even finds it strange. they move in the snow and look at the last sunset. when billy says, the last sunset always works, they drive the car and stop to change the number of residents to 152 on the entry board to the town. stella is working when one of her co-workers advises her to rethink her separation from eden. people who can't handle no sun for 30 days are leaving the town, while their loved ones pay them one last goodbye before going. some of the dogs in the town are killed by some unknown person. even checks on bow and warns to sight him on the leaking oil on the street. when he comes back to the car, billy asks him why. he always says that to beau, to which even replies, a little citation helps remind him that he's still part of the town. even's grandma tells him on the radio that something terrible happened to john rice dogs. so they leave to check out the situation. stella is driving to the airport when her car gets into a bit of an accident with malachi's truck. he apologizes to her, while she worries about missing her flight. stella calls even and tells him that she is in town for some work, and now she has to get back on the plane, but can't because of the minor accident she just had. she asked stephen to help her get to the airport. even is amazed to know she didn't tell him that she was in town. he calls billy and asks him to get stella to the airport while he goes to john rye's house. even looks at the slaughter dogs and tries to get some information from the owners. he promises them to find the one responsible and leaves for the station. his younger brother jake asks him to play the game with him, but he refuses. while his grandmother, helen, tells him about another complaint she heard about vandalism. stella reaches the airport and finds out she has missed her flight and is in the town for a month. billy offers her to stay with him and his family. he asks her to stay and tell him about what's going on with her. and even even visits carter and wilson regarding the complaint, and finds him angry at someone ripping out half of the helicopter. gus is working in his house when he hears some noises and goes out to see who's in the snowstorm. he looks around and finds some people surrounding him. he's bitten and drained by a group of vampires. the same strange man from the shore appears to enter the diner. he asks lucy to give him some beer vodka, but she tells him that no alcohol is available during the 30 days. the man then demands a raw hamburger, but she tells him that they only serve cooked or frozen. the man becomes angry and grabs lucy's hand, even enters the diner and asks the man to let her go. stella comes in and points a gun at the man when he tries to attack her. even manages to control him and cuffs him while he talks to stella about her stay in the town. stella chooses to accompany even on his way to the sheriff's station to meet jake and helen. they get to the station and even locks the man up. while stella meets jake and helen. three workers are heading back from work, discussing whose house they'll be staying at, when one of them, named gabe, is dragged and dropped wounded in front of the other two. denise manages to escape while the vampires attack her other partner even tries to interrogate the man and find out who he is. the man stays quiet, so even says, we have a long time to figure it out, as no one is coming here for a month. helen checks the station computers and finds that they're down. while even takes the phone, which also isn't working. the prisoner says, all of you are so helpless for what is about to come. try to hide, because they're going to come and take me for all i have done. stella tries to calm jake, while even asks the man about the people he's talking about. when all the lights shut off in the town, [Music], even heads to the cell tower and asks jake and helen to stay with him. on the radio, he goes looking for gus. when he finds blood all over the snow, even looks around and finds gus's head hung on a spike. he heads back, while telling people to stay in their homes and lock their doors. people try to ask even about the situation, but he says he doesn't know anything yet. a vampire breaks into john's house and drags his wife ally out. jon tries to save her, but gets bit by a vampire and wounded. the man in the prison talks about the approaching death with no way out. even comes back and yells at the man, asking him about the people who killed gus. the man says, you all are dead people, and i don't talk to dead people. even and stella head out to look for the people who kill gus with helen and jake on the radio. even ask stella to stop the truck. when they go out to see what's happening, stella screams and asks even to get in, a vampire attacks the car, even tries to shoot him multiple times, but the vampire is not injured. stella somehow manages to get it off the car, while she drives back as fast as she can. even and stella are talking about the strange encounter with a vampire when they hear helen crying on the radio. they head back to the station and find blood all around. the prisoner is still there, saying, they didn't take me finish me off. even tries to ask about jake from the prisoner, but he doesn't have any answers. the leader of the vampires, marlow instructs his fellows not to turn anyone, but to separate their heads. they all discuss the creatures that are not affected by the bullets. and they keep coming, even if you keep shooting them. the vampires start attacking the residents. marlowe says there is no escape, no hope, only hunger and pain. they kill the people and bring them of their blood while they scream. the whole town is under attack. people try to run, but are caught. they try to shoot the vampires but are killed. there is total chaos and bloodshed. the diner is locked with a few people inside. jake returns to eben safely, and he's pleased to see his baby brother alive. the people question him about the creatures, and even tells them they'll figure this out once they get to a safe place. they aim for kelson. sadiq even asks everyone to go there while he goes out to create a distraction with weapons and traps. stella joins him. they're headed in their truck when it gets stuck in the snow. stella tries to get it out, but the vampires attack them. luckily, bo comes and saves them, taking them away from the attack. all of them head to kelson's attic and get to it with everyone else waiting for them. they hear screaming in gunshots outside. jake says he saw the creatures kill grandma and makes a guess that they are vampires. the rest of them don't agree with him, because they think vampires are just tales and stories. even tells everyone that they don't know anything about the creatures, but they'll figure it out. until then, they have to ration food and sleep in shifts. even gives everyone hope that they have been living in the town for years, and this is for a reason. the vampires visit the man in the prison. the prisoner tells them he did precisely what they asked him to do. marlo says, we will take care of you and kills the prisoner. everyone is scared, and they try to take some rest. isaac and wilson emphasize running before they are caught and killed by the vampires. but even says they can't go anywhere at the moment. he tells them that he will leave for the store to get some supplies and then head to the utility where they can easily last for a month. it's day 7 of the month, and a woman is screaming on the street, asking for help. the people in the attic hear her and even looks out through the opening. carter says, we need to get her in before they get to her. even asks carter to look at the roofs of the houses and says, they're using the woman as bait. the woman says to one of the vampires, i tried. there's no one there. even goes outside and sees the woman being attacked by the group of vampires until she dies. even spots jon under a wreck and talks to him. jon tells iben that his leg hurts and the vampires took his wife. even tries to calm him down by telling him about the safe place. when even sees john, he realizes he has turned into one of those creatures and points a gun at him. jon tries to attack eben, but even kills him with an axe, and gets back to the attic. even tells everyone if jon turning into the creature. isaac tries to get outside, but stella and wilson stop him and ask him not to make a noise. isaac heads to the bathroom, but soon they realize that he has escaped through the window. stella tries to stop wilson from following him, but he pushes stella and goes outside. even and stella stands still. when they see a vampire coming into the house. the vampire is distracted by wilson's voice calling for his father, so he goes out. stella feels guilty about letting wilson go, but even tells her that you cannot stop anyone when their family is at stake. the heavy snowfall surrounds the town. the group of survivors head towards the store. they're each there. they find it almost empty even assigns different people to get the things they need and meet back in two minutes to escape from there. everyone's trying to get the stuff sorted when they find a young vampire feeding on a woman. the kid attacks the people, but is killed by jake with an axe. they're stuck in the store for some days. after 18 days of the month, they decide to go out. stella tells them that these things can't survive the sun, so they can try and bring the sun earlier. even agrees to create a distraction when he heads to his grandmother's home that has a uv lamp. the vampires follow the noise he makes and reach the place. even turns the generator on and manages to burn one of the vampires, but then the power is cut. even succeeds to get out. while marlo kills the vampire due to the pain she is suffering, beau comes and creates a diversion. he kills a lot of vampires with his truck, but in the end, dies by the hand of one vampire. the survivors are at the station, when lucy says, there's only six of us left. carter reveals that the girl at the store turned him and he doesn't want to live forever without his family. even takes him to a room and kills him with an axe. on day 27 of the month, even spots a light in one of the houses and realizes it's billy. even in stella head to the house and find billy sitting there alone. they see the dead bodies of his family and realize that billy killed them. even takes billy with him to the station. they find everyone gone, and think that they've headed to the utiliter. they carry billy through the snow. stella spot scale and goes out to help the kid. a vampire comes from behind, so even asks stella to leave with a kid. the vampire signals the others. even and billy both reach the utilities separately, and even finds other people there. billy is followed by a vampire and starts a fight with him. he manages to throw the vampire in the crushers, but is bitten and starts to turn. even has no choice but to kill him. denise comes to jake with some food and wine and asks them to celebrate their survival. stella comes in on the radio and informs even that she's hiding under a wreck with gail. she also tells them that she's freezing, but even promises her that she will be okay and that they will see the sunrise tomorrow. the vampires burn the entire town to leave no sign of their existence. when even decides to save stella and gail, he takes some blood from billy's infected body and injects it into himself. he asks jake to take care of stella and says, to stop the creatures, you have to become like them. even goes out and starts fighting the vampires. stella watches him from a distance. even can finally defeat marlowe, and he kills him. when the rest of the vampires leave, stella comes close to even and says, what have you done to yourself? to which he replies, what i had to do. he asked stella whether he should go after the vampires or not because it was almost done. stella and even sit together and watch the sun coming out. even kisses stella for the last time, and they hug each other. the sun comes out, and the story ends with even burning in the sunlight and turning into ash and stella's arms. let us know what you thought of this recap and don't forget to subscribe. check out some of our other movies on the channel. [Music] you 