welcome. my name is Sophia, and now I'm going to talk about the Lion King. in the pride lands of Africa, a pride of lions rule over the animal kingdom from Pride Rock, King Mufasa sand Queens, the Robbie's newborn son, Simba, is presented to the gathering animals by Rafiki the mandrill, the kingdom's Shaymin and advisor. Mufasa shows Simba the pride lands and explains to him the responsibilities of kingship and a circle of life, which connects all living things. mufasa's younger brother scar covets the throne and plots to eliminate Mufasa and Simba so he may become king. he tricks Simba and his best friend, Nala, to whom Simba is betrothed, into exploring a forbidden elephant's graveyard, where they are attacked by three spotted hyenas, Shenzi, Banzai and Ed, who are in league with scar. Mufasa is alerted about the incident by his majordomo, the hornbill, Zazu, and rescues the Cubs. though upset with Simba, Mufasa forgives him and explains that the great kings of the past watch over them from the night sky from which he will one day watch over Simba. scar sets a trap for his brother and nephew, luring Simba into a gorge and having the hyenas drive a large herd of wildebeest into a stampede that will trample him. scar himself does not interfere to save Simba, but instead informs Mufasa of Simba's peril, knowing that the King will rush to save his son. Mufasa saves Simba, but ends up hanging perilously from the gorgeous edge. scar refuses to help Mufasa, instead sending him falling to his death. he then convinces Simba that the tragedy was Simba's own fault and advises him to leave the kingdom and never return. he orders the hyenas to kill the cub, but Simba escapes. scar tells the pride that both Mufasa and Simba were killed in a stampede, and steps forward as the new king, allowing his three hyena minions and the rest of their large pack to live in the pride lands. Simba collapses in a desert and is rescued by Timon and Pumbaa, a meerkat and warthog, to our fellow outcasts and chase away the vultures. Simba grows up in the jungle with his two new friends, living a carefree life under the motto, Hakuna Matata, no worries in Swahili. now a young adult, Simba rescues Timon and Pumbaa from a hungry lioness, who turns out to be Nala. she and Simba reunite and fall in love. and she urges him to return home, telling him that pride lands have become a drought stricken wasteland under scarce rain. feeling guilty over his father's death, Simba refuses and storms off. he then encounters Rafiki, who tells him that mufasa's spirit lives on in Simba. Simba is visited by the ghost of Mufasa in the night sky, who tells him that he must take his rightful place as king. realizing that he can no longer run from his past, Simba decides to return to the pride lands. aided by his friends, Simba sneaks past the hyenas at Pride Rock and confronts scar who had just struck Surabhi. scar taunts Simba over his role in the fauces death and backs him to the edge of the rock, where he reveals to him that he murdered Mufasa. enraged, Simba pins scar to the ground and forces him to reveal the truth to the rest of the pride Timon Pumbaa. Rafiki, Baz and the lionesses fend off the hyenas, while Scarfe attempting to escape, is cornered by Simba at the top of Pride Rock. scar begs for mercy and attempts to blame the hyenas for his actions. Simba spares his life, but orders him to leave the pride lands forever. scar attacks his nephew, but Simba manages to toss him from the top of the rock. scar survives the fall, but has attacked and killed by the hyenas who overheard his attempt to betray them. afterward, Simba takes over the kingship. as rain begins to fall, he also makes Nala his queen. later, with Pride Rock restored to its usual state, Rafiki presents Simba and Nala 'he's newborn cubs to the assembled animals, continuing the circle of life, thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. 