Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain an adventure, sci-fi, thriller film called \xe2\x80\x9cWar of the Worlds.\xe2\x80\x9d Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. Ray works as a loading dock crane operator in New York. He's a carefree man, enjoying his life free of responsibilities. Unfortunately, Ray is also a deadbeat divorcee and the father to a teenager and a young girl. Ray heads home from work and finds his ex-wife, Catherine, and her new husband waiting impatiently in front of his house. It seems that Ray has forgotten that their teenage son, Robbie, and young daughter, Rachel, would be staying with him for the weekend. Robbie is rude to Ray, calling Ray by his first name. Rachel is a little more excited to see Ray hugging him. Catherine and her husband accompany the kids and see that Ray's house is disorganized, having no food in the fridge. Robbie and Rachel settle in their old room, and Catherine informs Ray about the kids' schooling. Ray then walks Catherine out, and she informs him they'll be in Boston at her parents' house. Ray assures Catherine that she has nothing to worry about as he can handle a weekend with the kids. Catherine leaves, and Ray listens to news reports about strange lightning storms happening in different countries worldwide. Ray invites Robbie outside to play catch, trying to connect with him, but the game gets heated when Robbie tells Ray he hates visiting him. Ray accidentally breaks a window, and Robbie heads in. Rachel asks for food, but Ray decides to head to bed, telling Rachel to order anything she wants. Ray awakens a few hours later and eats with Rachel. He calls out to Robbie, but Rachel tells him Robbie took Ray\xe2\x80\x99s car and drove out. Ray rushes outside and sees his car gone. He looks around and sees people on the street all staring at a swirling vortex in the sky. Ray talks to the neighbors, saying they\xe2\x80\x99ve never seen anything like it, especially as it\xe2\x80\x99s summer. They head to the backyard to get a better look. The wind starts blowing, and Ray notes that the wind is oddly blowing towards the storm. Rachel joins Ray when the wind suddenly stops, and everything goes silent. Lightning then starts hitting the ground. Rachel begs Ray to head back inside, and Ray takes her in as soon as he notices the lightning strikes getting more frequent. They hide under the kitchen table, and Ray notices they haven\xe2\x80\x99t heard any thunder. The lightning keeps striking, hitting the same spot every time. The lightning finally stops, and Ray looks around the house to check for any damages and sees the power has gone out. He also sees his cellphone no longer working, and even his watch has stopped. Ray steps outside and sees dozens of cars all stopped in the middle of the road. A neighbor tells Ray all of the electronics are either dead or shorted out. He runs into Robbie, apologizing, but Ray tells him to head home as soon as possible. Robbie says he was near the place where the lightning hit and counted over twenty-six lightning strikes on one spot. He passes by a mechanic shop, and his mechanic friend tells him the same thing. Ray then suggests replacing a specific part on one of the older cars to get it to work. Ray proceeds to the center of town and sees a crowd gathering at the place where all the lightning hit. Ray joins the crowd and sees a hole on the ground surrounded by cracked asphalt and concrete. They hear rumbling from below, and police officers note that there are no pipes, subways, or any underground infrastructure that would cause a rumble. The rumbling intensifies until cracks form on the ground. The crowd steps back, but the rumbling continues, and the ground begins cracking. People start running away as windows break and buildings start shaking. The shaking continues until the cracks form a massive circular disk in the middle of the street. The disk rotates and implodes with a loud roar. A gigantic mechanical tentacle reaches out from the smoke and rubble, stepping out of the hole. Ray narrowly escapes, crawling out of the way before the tentacle drops. The shaking pauses, and the crowd regathers at the edge of the disk. A loud mechanical whirring sound fills the air, increasing in intensity until a massive machine rises from the hole. The machine erects itself on three legs, towering several hundred feet. The people stare in awe as the tripod looms over them, but a deafening siren comes from the machine. Appendages appear on the tripod, and a lethal heat ray beams onto the people below. The crowds start panicking and running in different directions, but the machine continues its onslaught, illuminating the humans with its powerful heat ray, vaporizing them in an instant. Ray runs as fast as he can, dodging the heat ray, swerving left and right. He manages to steer clear of the tripod\xe2\x80\x99s path of destruction, watching it make its way through the city. Ray arrives back home in complete shock, unable to process what had happened. Robbie asks Ray, but Ray remains silent. He washes in the bathroom and composes himself. He then orders Robbie to collect as much food as possible and heads to his bedroom to retrieve a gun. They head out to the mechanic shop and find a working car. They get in, and the mechanic tries to stop them. Ray asks his friend to get into the car with them, but it appears that the mechanic has no idea of what had happened. The tripod appears in the distance, and Ray starts the car and speeds away. Ray drives away as the tripod wreaks havoc behind them. Ray manages to reach the highway, swerving through parked cars and pedestrians. He tells Robbie that they\xe2\x80\x99re being attacked, but Ray is in disbelief, unsure how to refer to whatever is attacking them. He explains the tripod came from the ground and theorizes the lightning strikes could have been a means to activate the machines. Ray plans to drive back to Catherine\xe2\x80\x99s house but sees it empty. Ray tells them Catherine is in Boston at their grandparents\xe2\x80\x99 house. They head to the basement, thinking it would be a safer place for them to sleep in. They try to get some rest but are awakened by strange sounds and lights coming from the window. Suddenly, a loud whirring sound is heard, and the ground starts trembling. They all run into a lower part of the basement, closing the door as fire engulfs the basement. Morning comes, and Ray goes out to see what has happened. He discovers the house had been destroyed, and a massive flaming airplane engine sits in the living room. He walks out and finds a massive plane crash. He sees someone dragging an airplane food closet out, and a news media camera crew appears to help collect the food. The reporter tells Ray they were with the military, tasked to document the army fighting the tripods. She says the tripods have a shield, rendering bombs and missiles useless against them. They\xe2\x80\x99ve lost communication with cities all around the world, and she shows Ray footage of dozens of tripods decimating a city. She then shows him slowed-down footage of the lightning strikes revealing metal pods digging into the ground every time the lightning hit. The news crew then prepares to depart, leaving Ray to tend to his children. Ray decides to use back roads and country roads, avoiding big cities and main highways, hiding what appears to be the only working car in miles. Robbie thinks they should head back and fight the invaders. They stop for a bathroom break, and Rachel heads deep into the woods to pee. She ends up at a riverbank where she sees scores of bodies floating down the river. Ray arrives just in time to shield her eyes, but she had already seen too much. Military trucks pass by, and Robbie begs to be picked up, eager to join the fight. Ray shouts at him, trying to dissuade him, but Robbie ignores him. Robbie then gets angry with Ray, telling Ray that they\xe2\x80\x99re only going to Boston so that Ray can leave them with Catherine, saying Ray wants to abandon his responsibilities as a father again. Robbie finally stops when Rachel starts crying, asking her brother who would take care of her if he leaves. They then drive away in silence. They reach a ferry town, and people start banging on their car, begging to be let on. The crowd gets more aggressive, some of them getting on the car\xe2\x80\x99s hood. One person throws a rock at the windshield, causing Ray to crash into a pole. The crowd immediately swarms the vehicle, and Robbie and Ray get dragged out, but Rachel gets trapped inside. Ray starts fighting the crowd and gets the upper hand when he pulls out his gun and fires several warning shots. The crowd backs away, and Robbie steps out from the crowd with a bleeding nose. Another man points a gun at Ray, and Ray drops his gun, agreeing to give up the car. Ray, Robbie, and Rachel leave, but a man picks up Ray\xe2\x80\x99s gun and eyes the car\xe2\x80\x99s new owner. The three seek refuge at an abandoned diner, and as the car passes, the man who had picked up Ray\xe2\x80\x99s gun shoots the man driving. Rachel sobs into Robbie\xe2\x80\x99s arms while Robbie watches the crowd disappear with the car. The family then continues on foot to the ferry docks, planning to cross the Hudson River to Boston. They reach a queue for the ferry when one of Ray\xe2\x80\x99s old friends calls him. She\xe2\x80\x99s glad to see Ray and tells him she\xe2\x80\x99s also trying to get her daughter to safety. As they talk, Rachel spots several flocks of birds flying away. In the distance, Rachel sees the trees swaying. Ray notices the crowd all staring behind them, and he sees a massive tripod looming over the town. People start forcing their way into the ferries, but the captain decides they need to leave. The soldiers hold people back as the ferry detaches from the dock. More tripods appear, and people pour into the docks, desperate to board the ferries. Ray sneaks past the guards, and they board the ferry, but Ray\xe2\x80\x99s friend gets left behind. The ferry casts off, its engines straining to accelerate. The captain thinks they\xe2\x80\x99re safe, but he sees lights from under the water. The water starts swirling, and a tripod rises from the river. The tripod capsizes the ferry, dumping cars and people into the river. Ray manages to hold onto Robbie and Rachel, and they make their way to the riverbanks. As they swim away, they see people getting snatched up by the tripods. They reach the far end of the river and watch helplessly as several tripods snatch humans up from the river. Then, on the opposite side, more tripods appear using their heat rays to vaporize the escaping civilians. The family continues running into the woods. The following day, they walk through the countryside, joining other refugees. They see explosions in the distance, and Robbie hurries to get a better look. The rest of the crowd runs to witness the fight, and fighter jets, military trucks, and tanks roll in. Ray calls out, but Robbie ignores him. Soldiers hold Robbie and other people back, and Ray catches up to him. The soldiers are shouting orders at each other, saying their firepower is ineffective. They resort to holding the tripods back enough for civilians to get to safety. Ray tries knocking sense into Robbie, but Robbie doesn\xe2\x80\x99t listen, mesmerized by the gunshot and explosions. Rachel, who Ray left near a fallen tree, watches as attack helicopters and missiles dart across the sky. Ray pins Robbie down, and Robbie pleads with Ray to let him go. Robbie says he needs to see and be part of the initiative to fight back. Ray sees Rachel approached by strangers and realizes he needs to let Robbie go. Robbie and Ray share a look before Ray runs after Rachel. Robbie runs into the firefight while Ray retrieves Rachel from the strangers. He then sees a massive fireball enveloping the hillside before tripods rise from the inferno. Ray sees a man with a shotgun inviting him in for shelter and hurries. They take refuge in the man\xe2\x80\x99s basement, escaping the tripod onslaught. Ray tries to get Rachel to sleep, but Rachel has trouble sleeping. Ray then decides to sing her a short lullaby, and Rachel dozes off with tears in her eyes. Ray talks with the man who introduces himself as Harlan. Harlan says he\xe2\x80\x99s lost his whole family and tells Ray he has enough water and food to last them weeks. Ray then begins monologuing about how the invaders had prepared for the invasion for a long time. The tripods had been buried thousands, possibly millions of years ago. He doesn\xe2\x80\x99t consider the invasion a war but an extermination. Harlan says he\xe2\x80\x99s not one to back down and tells Ray he wants to fight back. Harlan reveals that he called Ray into his house not to provide shelter but as an invitation to join him in his fight against the tripods. Ray realizes he has made a grievous mistake, seeing that Harlan has developed delusions, turning suicidal. Ray is terrified that he may have accidentally brought himself and Rachel into a situation just as worse as facing the tripods. Ray hears loud noises coming from outside and sees the tripods digging through the soil. Not long after, he notices strange red roots forming all around the walls of the basement. He sees Harlan talking to Rachel, telling Rachel he\xe2\x80\x99ll take care of her if something happens to Ray. Ray takes Rachel away immediately, but before they start arguing, the tripods stop making noise, and Ray sees an alien probe enter the basement. The probe looks like a massive floating snake with lights at the end. Ray takes Rachel, and they creep around the basement, keen to avoid the tripod probe. They change location multiple times, hiding in different spots, and Ray sees Harlan wielding an ax, ready to strike at the probe. Ray begs him not to do it, and Harlan hesitates. They end up hiding in a corner, using a mirror to trick the probe. Finding nothing, the probe leaves. Ray, Rachel, and Harlan think they\xe2\x80\x99re safe, but they hear something descending from above. Finally, they lay eyes on the creatures operating the tripods. The aliens look nothing like any creature on Earth, walking on three legs and having smaller mandibles. They have big triangular heads, large eyes, and are built thin and bony. The aliens move around the basement, seemingly behaving like explorers rather than hunters. Harlan loads his shotgun and aims it at the aliens, but Ray comes in just in time to stop him. The two struggle, Ray is determined to keep their presence hidden, and Harlan is similarly motivated to kill the aliens. The booming sound of a tripod siren sounds and the aliens hurry back up. Harlan then threatens Ray, calling him a coward. He teases Ray, saying Ray might even prefer becoming the aliens\xe2\x80\x99 pet rather than fight back. Not long after their close call with the aliens, Harlan calls Ray, and they witness a man getting the blood sucked out of him. Ray realizes that the strange red roots and the loud continuous sound they\xe2\x80\x99ve heard come from the tripods using human blood to terraform the ground, turning it similar to whatever planet they came from. Harlan runs away, frantically trying to dig a tunnel, shouting how he\xe2\x80\x99d never let the aliens get his blood. Ray is concerned Harlan is making too much noise, but Harlan gets more frantic, shouting louder. Ray grabs Harlan, but Harlan hits him with a shovel. Ray realizes Harlan won\xe2\x80\x99t stop screaming and decides to resort to more drastic actions to keep him quiet. Ray places a blindfold on Rachel, telling her to hum a song and cover her ears before he returns to Harlan. Struggling and grunting are heard from the other room, and Rachel tries her best to drown out the noise. Things quiet down, and Ray emerges triumphant but looks as if he had suffered the greatest defeat of his life. That night, Rachel has trouble sleeping. She sits up and is in complete shock, going face to face with the alien probe. Ray begins hacking at the probe with the ax, and Rachel runs up the stairs. The probe retracts, but Ray discovers Rachel is missing. He runs up after her, leaving the house, and sees the landscape covered in red tendrils and roots. He heads up a hill and sees the tripods have terraformed a massive expanse of land as far as he could see, all bathed in red. A tripod appears, and Ray runs, finding cover in a car. The tripod flips the car over before leaving Ray and targeting Rachel instead. The tripod snatches Rachel up and starts walking away. Ray chases it, shouting. He finds a bundle of grenades in a military car and starts throwing it at the tripod. The grenade detonates upon hitting the tripod\xe2\x80\x99s shield, but it has successfully grabbed its attention. The tripod turns and picks up Ray, depositing him in a pod with other captives. The tripod appears to be carrying dozens of people in pods, snatching people up at intervals, using their blood as fuel for the massive machine. Ray finds Rachel, but she is in shock. A tentacle reaches down from the machine, picking out another human, and it grabs Ray. Ray gets pulled up, but he takes the grenades with him. A soldier jumps, grabbing Ray\xe2\x80\x99s arm, trying to pull him back down. The rest of the captives help, and they successfully save Ray. Ray spits out the pins from the grenades, and the soldier tells everyone to brace for an explosion. The grenades detonate, causing a chain of explosions inside the tripod. The massive machine topples down, dropping its captives. Ray and Rachel continue walking until they reach Boston. At the city, they discover a tripod that had fallen, resting on the side of a building. Ray asks a soldier what had happened, and according to him, the tripod started moving erratically in circles before falling on itself and ending up on the building. Ray also sees the roots covering the streets have started withering and dying. The refugees all take caution when they hear a tripod walking near. The civilians keep walking as the soldiers anticipate a fight. Ray spots a flock of birds resting on the tripod, and he calls out to one of the soldiers, telling them the tripod has no shields. The commander sees this and orders his troops to begin firing at the tripod. To their surprise, the missiles hit. They start firing at the tripod, giving it all they have. More missiles hit, and the tripod falls. Soldiers approach the fallen tripod, and a hatch opens to reveal its dying occupant, its limbs frail. Ray finally arrives at Catherine\xe2\x80\x99s parents\xe2\x80\x99 home, and he finds everyone safe. Rachel runs to her mother, and, to Ray\xe2\x80\x99s surprise, Robbie steps out of the house, unharmed. The two embrace, finally reunited. The invaders arrived with every intent to eliminate and enslave humans, using their superior technology and weaponry to bring humanity to its knees. After all the weapons of man had failed, the invaders\xe2\x80\x99 end came at the hands of the smallest creatures on the planet, bacteria. 