Liss so with the nun coming out, it's the perfect time to revisit one of these scariest franchise out there. and thanks the Skillshare, I went back and freaked myself out watching all of them just to bring you this recap. because when you really think about it, they've kind of been treating the nun like that daniels of this universe. they hint her here at there. she's got some after credit scenes, and they're just waiting for her to get her own movie. so whether you see this as the nun series, the conjuring series, Annabelle, since that's what's on the DVD collection, or James wons greatest franchise, I'm gonna break down everything you need to know before you go see. let me explain. so there's five movies in this universe so far, and this is the order that they were released in, but I will cover them in chronological order. and first off would be the nun. aha, the whole spoiler video for her a bit. just to get the gist of it, this is the first one that takes place in 1952. it uncovers the story of Bala, who appears as the nun after a murder that takes place in this nunnery, which actually stars taissa farmiga, which, if you haven't made the connection, there's another Farmiga in this universe who's also famous. so one's already hinted at a sequel for the nun that could connect back to the conjuring two and Lorraine's story. so it's gonna be interesting to see how all of that fits in, but we just gonna have to wait and see. next up would be a de Bell creation, which, which is about Annabelle's creation. in 1943, we followed this dude who carves dolls for a living, and he's actually working on the Annabelle doll when they get stuck on the side of the road. guy drops a bolt. his daughter is nuts enough to get it, and she dead. parents try to contact the spirits to bring the daughter back, and there is so desperate they invite this entity they're speaking to to come into the doll. it takes her daughter's name, Annabelle. and why they think they're seeing glimpses of their daughter, it ends up having this massive growth spurt that reveals that the demon just screwed them over. it takes out the moms eye, and they end up having to art Kelly the doll in the closet, which they cover up completely in Bible pages. I'm telling you, demons are trolls. 1995, years later, they end up opening their house as an orphanage because they feel bad for the things that they've done. and they only have one rule, don't open the daughters locked room. they open the daughters locked room. it's interesting to see that the nun who's taking care of the orphans who they bring in, that she was actually in the same nunnery in the same year that the is set to take place. and there none actually appears in that picture that she carries with her, because she's so busy playing show-and-tell. they don't even pay attention to the little girl playing Marco Polo with the demon. after she opens the door and unleashes it, and even gets treated like Wiley coyote, Annabelle throws up in her mouth, takes over her body so she can now walk. there's some Wizarding with the Scarecrow's even turns his guy's fingers into those dumb minions from Spy Kids. but by the end of it, she's able to Shawshank her way out of this place. the police arrive, confiscate the Annabelle doll, which, mind you, is getting the easiest paychecks cuz she don't do anything. and we see the possessed Janus run away to another orphanage. she's changed her name to Annabelle, gets adopted, runs away again when she's older to join a devil cult and recruits a boy toy to help her murder her parents for the ritual, before the movie ends after credits, and shows the nun in 1952 to win a cat walk towards the camera, cuz, I'm telling you, she's Thanos. so Annabelle is easily the worst of the franchise in my opinion, so far. it came out before Annabelle creation, which luckily helped kind of fix it. because it takes place in 1967, and it follows his pregnant couple who just moved into this house. and the husband surprises his wife by getting her a brand new porcelain doll for her collection of porcelain. why would you encourage this? one day they wake up to hear the neighbors getting murdered. since that that's what happened in the last movie, obviously they haven't seen Annabelle creation, because it's not out yet for them. so they don't know that this killer girl is possessed and was in a cult. so when she sneaks up on dumb, they quickly call the cops, who arrived. but just after, she pulls the Chucky and transfers the demon back into this doll portal, just getting used. it is interesting to note that the real-life Annabelle doll was actually a possessed Raggedy Ann doll. that's that's where the name comes from. but obviously, in order to keep it scary for the franchise, they, they decided on this. over the next few days, they decide to move into an apartment complex because weird things are still happening, and now they got a baby. unbeknownst to them, they're just bringing the demon with them. since the demon is Annabelle, the mom figures it out by researching the cult and realizes that the only way to stop it is by sacrificing yourself. but then a neighbor comes in and is like, yo, I want to get out of this movie. it's Dookie. I still feel bad for accidentally killing my daughter in a car crash. and sacrifices herself. instead, they live happily ever after with her 29 percent rating. the doll ends up in an antique shop where a mom randomly buys it for her daughter, who's in college trying to become a nurse. why? though, one year has passed since the Annabelle incidents, and that college kid seeks help from the wardens to take away this possessed doll, it also to help her mom pick better gifts. so this movie ends up being the one that kicks it all off. right? this was the first one that was released, and it tells the story, the real-life story I've had in Lorraine Warren. Lorraine is a clairvoyant, meaning that she has spidey-senses, but for ghosts. while Edie has a degree in demonology. so take that, mom, liberal arts isn't the worst degree. there are these world renowned demon hunters. we even have an O J's sized memorabilia collection of possessed items, which, of course, is right next door to their kitchen. but it's a 1971 years later, in Rhode Island that we get this incidence of a family who moves into a house that they bought from the bank. and they should have known right away when their dog didn't want to go in. but something was up. obviously, you believe it to the youngest to find this creepy, possessed music box out in the front. you'll find a secret cellar in the basement that was blocked out. and if raising five dollars wasn't scary enough for the father, they also played this creepy clap game that's just asking for you to be scooped. that's why they run into the demon, The Witch and the Wardrobe. after one pulls a Wes Anderson and kills the dog, the little girls get really spooked because they're getting haunted in their sleep. obviously, Ramona's getting haunted in their sleep. and these ghosts, like I said, are just trolling them. but I must say this right here, sorry. and people hear a piano playing and for whatever reason, walk into a dark basement us cartoons, we'll see a light flicker because the bulb is actually just done, and we'll book an Airbnb for a month. ghost was like bet demon hits her with the meme review, which causes them to get extremely spooked. so who they gonna call? not them that they they haven't formed yet. these two show up instead. and since Lorraine plays Luigi's Mansion on expert she right away senses the demon and tries to understand it. it turns out that a witch used to own this land back in the crucible times. and since they were out together, she sacrificed her weak old son as a ritual before hanging herself. from then everyone who moves into this place gets cursed and would end up killing themselves. that's why the mom ends up getting possessed by Bathsheba. because the pattern is, which has is to control mother's and force them to kill their own children as a sacrifice. that means that Ed's got a pull of Michael Cera and pretend to know what he's doing, because he's about to pull off his first exorcism. which, again, I had to say this. I'm sorry. I love my wife eternally, but I don't know if I could ever sleep in the same bed with her after this. I'll pick up her vomit. I'll wipe her booty when she gets too old, but this, I don't know. of course, they're able to stop the mom from killing her child. they hug it out like it's the day after the purge. and nothing has happened, and everything's all fine and dandy, until they conjure up something else. so it turns out the Warrens, actually, we're involved with the Amityville case, which I'm sure many have seen. and the only reason they're not making a movie is because there's already been 666 of them, so they decided to just focus on it. for the intro. girl, that's me at the DMV. I was hinted in the first movie that Lorraine kind of carries things with her from every case that they do. and the one that keeps appearing now is the creepy nun. she repeatedly gets premonitions and even sketches a doodlebop of her. and in one scene, she attacks while everything is shaking. bra, unless I'm living in California, none of my crap should be shaking. they go to England, since Felicity Jones jr. is being possessed overseas. this little girl hangs out with middle schoolers who smoke a pack a day. she's making her own Ouija boards. she starts speaking like those kids I'm musically who pretend like they're acting. but again, like I've been saying, these demons are goofy, like they can levitate through stuff, and instead do things like this, even with the mom who doesn't believe in them at all. right? any other movie would I dragged it out so she's oblivious. nope, they straight up have the mom questioning whether she should have taken that ambien. and their complete rolls, because even when they cops show up, they don't care. they're seeking more attention than Hannah Baker. these demons acting worse than Buch but because there's so many weird things going on, and you can actually search this up, because there's real footage of it, there's skeptics who interview them, which, you know, the girl does kind of sound like she's trying out for Christian Bale's Batman. but you could also be possessed. I don't know how quickly smoking a pack a day hits you. while professor poopy pants thinks the girl is faking it, he's able to conjure up a name, which is Bill Wilkins, the guy who previously lived in this house and died in that same couch, and that's why he's possessing it. which, bro, I'm telling you, these scariest parts in movies are when you don't even notice that there's people sitting there in the background. that always creeps me out the most, even though he's supposed to be the main demon. we also get a look at the crooked man, who appears like a Tim Burton movie character. oh, really, like the caterpillar from James and the Giant Peach, walking all stilted. I get that he's making a cameo in this movie because they want to pitch the idea of yet another spin-off, but the dude ain't scary. how you gonna be scared of a ghoul with glasses? man can transform and do all these creepy things, but he doesn't have 20/20 vision. the warnings arrived just in time to be two weeks late, and Ed just has a casual conversation with this demon. that's because you're dead. if your family did live here, they're long gone. now, man's yelling at this entity like a principal does a child. but it turns out that the big twist is that the nun who's been appearing to Lorraine is actually manipulating bill Wilkins into manipulating the family, showing that even in the afterlife, you're gonna get used. Lauraine then realizes that all she has to do was say the demon's name, which was actually plastered all over the place throughout the movie as an easter egg, and then she can banish it. say, my name, god damn right. they take it down, the rest of them live happily ever after, till the girl dies in the exact same chair. and the Warrens add yet another creepy thing to their collection as they get ready for the third movie, and the fourth, and the fifth and the so thank you guys for watching this video. and a big things to Skillshare. a lot of you always ask about how we make these videos. how did we learn to make them? and honestly, we've learned half of our video techniques and stuff and editing online, like 95% of it through tutorials and templates. and we even took a course on Skillshare for After Effects for this video. so I will always recommend going to school. obviously, you know, less than $10 a month for full classes run by professionals to improve your skills, but as like the best tuition you can ask for. there's over 17,000 courses, including editing, one for premier cinematography and for the first 500 people to sign up with the links below, you'll get two months of Skillshare premium for free. you can create your own YouTube channel and create your own short film. with these skills, you can finally learn how to cook as well. but like I said, the first 500 to sign up with the LME link will have access to it from mobile, online, offline. and it's honestly one of the best ways to learn. so check that out. and also let me know your thoughts on this franchise. is there a better mod horror franchise out there? what are your theories for the none future sequels? how many times did you change your pants watching it? one of the things I actually liked the most about this is, I'm a big fan of the Annabelle 2 creator. like he's got a YouTube channel. I gotta go check it out. he had started off when he was 30 years old, and he was still making short films with his wife. he was posting on YouTube, and then producers saw it. it got picked up. it became this feature right here, which did really well. the he that got picked to make Annabelle - which he clearly fixed and was a success. and now my man, who is still making YouTube videos at the age of 30 is now making one of the biggest DC movies that people are actually looking forward to. so it just shows you you can learn things on your own, right? Warner Bros even had a short film contest not too long ago that was open for anyone to make a short film that would fit into the conjuring mythology. and what one was? this YouTube short called the nurse. so it's like you don't have to sell your soul to make it. you could just use Skillshare to share your skills. definite. let me know your thoughts on this franchise. don't forget to share, share, share and share this video, or the nun will come after you. 