[Music], hello guys. mr gray here. in this video, i'm going to talk about an american horror film called jeepers. creepers, released in 2001. this movie was really scary when i was a kid. this video contained major spoilers. darry and his sister trish were coming home from college to visit their family for spring break. as they drove through the north florida countryside in trisha's 1960 chevrolet impala, they played a game of guessing the meaning of license plates. after passing an rv, a mysterious driver in a rusty, old delivery truck tried to run them off the road. after a stressful moment, with derry trying to convince the driver of the truck to go around, the truck finally passed them by. afterward, darry tried to guess the meaning of the vanity plate, assuming it read beating you. the two then began talking about two students named kenny and darla who disappeared while driving on the same road 23 years earlier. after taking a bathroom break, they passed by the truck parked outside an old, abandoned church. in the distance. off the side of the road, a big man was there sliding what appeared to be bodies wrapped in old sheets into a large sewer pipe protruding from the ground. the driver, taking note that they had seen him, caught up to them and succeeded in running them off the road. the truck then left. despite his sister's objections, darry insisted they go back and investigate, in case one of the bodies was still alive. darry asked trish to hold his feet while he looked into the pipe. derry was shocked by a swarm of rats, and he screamed. this caused trish to lose her grip on his legs, and he slid down the pipe and fell down, knocking out himself. after derry got up, he opened the covers to find a dying boy with a huge stitch across his torso the boy tried to tell him something, but was unable to before he died. while looking for a way out, dairy found hundreds of bodies sewn together, covering the walls of a massive cavern beneath the church, including kenny and darla. he noticed a ring on kenny's finger. later, derry found his way out of the church and startled trish, who mistakenly thought the truck was returning. trish then took over driving. scared, derry sat in the passenger seat and did not talk. he eventually explained to trish that he saw kenny and darla, and that the man had decapitated her and then sewn her head back on. they decided to contact the police when they see the truck pass by them on the way back to the church. after finding a diner, derry called the police. while waiting for the cops to arrive, they received a phone call at the pay phone in the diner. the lady identified derry's rose tattoo and knew his name. she plays the song jeepers, creepers on the phone and told them that when they hear that song, they need to run. and added that the big man called that place is his house of pain. badly frightened, derry cursed the woman and hung up. darry and trish were questioned by the police, although the police didn't seem to believe the story because it was so remarkable. a diner worker warned darry and trish that someone was out breaking into their car. they all rush outside to find that the mysterious driver had broke into their car and smelled dary's laundry. derry was worried now that the man knew his name. in order to verify the story, the police escorted darry and trish back to the church. while going to the old church, the police received a report that the church was being burned down, but it was actually the big man covering up his tracks. while they were driving along, the big man from the truck attacked the police. he killed the policewoman by pulling her out of the car while she tried checking what was on the roof of their car. and the policeman was decapitated. darry and trish got out of the car to investigate. they saw the man pick up an officer's head and eat his tongue. terrified, they got back into their car and fled. they found an old farm house nearby to make a phone call, since the next town was far. darry and trish discovered an old lady who lived there and has many cats. and when i say many, i mean a lot. while they argued, the old cat lady noticed that the scarecrow in the yard was alive, but it was the big man. the woman angry that her cats were in danger, ran and got her shotgun. she shot at the man, who inhumanly jumped up and crashed through the roof of her house. the woman got angry and hit derry in the crotch, saying that they brought the big man into her house. and ran into the house. after hearing shotgun blasts, it appeared that the woman was coming outside, but they saw that instead, the big man had impaled her with the gun. trish and derry got into their car, intent on fleeing. trish, however, attacked a man by hitting him with her car. after a couple tries, she finally hit him. then she ran over him over and over again, until darry forced her to stop. afterwards, they see a wing appear out of the body, and they assume it is some sort of strange creature. leaving, they drive to the county police. at the police station, they waited for their parents to come and get them. the woman from the phone call comes to the police station and introduced herself as giselle. the woman claimed to be a local psychic, and that she dreamed of them getting into trouble with the monster. she warned darry and trish that they are still in danger, and then tried to reveal the true nature of the mysterious creature. it was an ancient demon known as the creeper, which rises every 23rd spring for 23 days to feast on human body parts, which, upon consumption, form part of its own body. she also told them that it seeks out its victims through fear, and that by smelling the fear from trish and dairy, it has found something it likes. when asked which one of them the creeper wanted, giselle didn't answer, but looked over at trish. the wounded creeper attacked the police station and gained entrance to the cells. after it feasted on prisoners to heal, it was swarmed by police, but killed a number of them. giselle guided trish and derry upstairs, telling them, one of them will die, screaming in the dark, while the song jeepers, creepers played in the background. the creeper headed towards giselle and sniffed her, but let her go, heading off to find trish and derry. the creeper finally caught up with trish and derry. despite the efforts of the police, it grabbed dairy before being confronted by a swat team, trish, in an effort to save her brother, told the creeper to take her instead. darry yelled at her to not be a hero. trish explained that darry was weak and that she would not fight him. however, the creeper wasn't interested in someone who was not afraid of him. he flew out of the side of the building, taking dary with him into the night. in the morning, trish asked gizelle if her dreams are ever wrong. rather than answer, gisele just tells her that she's a crazy old woman, and trish can ask anyone. darry's screams were heard as a new abandoned area was shown. the creeper was at a sewing machine doing work. then darry's dead body was shown, naked and preserved much like the other bodies in the house of pain. the back of dary's head and eyes were removed, and the creeper looked through the eye holes, revealing that it was darry's eyes he was after. thank you for watching my video. have a great day. 