listen. so you guys are always giving me recommendations in the comments. and while it's physically impossible to make an El Amin on everything, I watch for it too. they get claimed. I do try to watch as many as I can, because I'm also always listening for great recommendations. and since there's more daylight out, I decided to venture into some of the horror picks you guys were giving me. and bro, what the hell? so let me explain. so the rooms not to be confused with the other oscar-worthy one, you know, one star in brie Larson. it's a shutter original that has a really messed up ending. so in case you wanted to experience it first, and major spoiler warning, for what I would give a discounted, but really creepy rented too. so we follow this couple who moves to the countryside, trying to spice things up in their lives, only to find a room that grants them any wish they want. Matt finds a lock-and-key that gets him in there, as he notices all these symbols and circuit board like markings around the room that keeps him up. so he dreams about liquor, and like a spirit it appears. realizing that the room can create anything, kate decides there's only one thing she really wants to fight with her husband. are you out of your [ __ ] mind to make baby? I know. honestly, I think it's a compelling story, considering Kate's previous miscarriages and how she's now able to finally have her own child to care for. but then it gets bogged down with a lot of these weird rules. for starters, you can pretty much wish for anything, for old going lingerie to vengo zero gravity, a human that's that. like the others, everything has to stay inside the house, because if it leaves the home, it disintegrates. paintings, money, they all meet their endgame the moment they break the quarantine. which is why he should have just wish for Bitcoin instead of these Rocket Man pants. but in terms of their kid in ageism, mommy and big. now, honestly, the best part of the movie, in my opinion, is a production design. the director himself is an artist, so he pretty much supplied his originals for the set. the circuit and designs. he even admitted, come from the shining and it's like kind of carpet, or this Fibonacci spiral that I'm sure most of you guys have seen in multiple things throughout the years. but this is like the basis to nature. it's almost like there's an aspect to the story that really gets down to human patterns and the equations that make us tick. there's hints at worlds within worlds and becoming your own God. God had to die, of course. didn't you read Nietzsche? and the craziest part is how he wanted to connect with Tesla, that said this thing to see. Kuhn doesn't focus on any of that. instead, like vivarium, they end up trapped inside their home with our kid, who's very annoying. but the dad gets worried when the kid starts wishing for things and turns the room into the backyard. so he goes on www to realize he moved into a murder house. reporter Matt confronts the previous murderer who lived in his house, who turns out to also be a figment created by the room. he claims that the only way for them to survive, or further, fake it to survive, is to get rid of one or the other which is what he did to live the rest of his life in prison. cuz I guess wishing for all the stuff to go away doesn't count. recently creates at your room in my own house, where there's a theme of freedom and minimalism that gets brought up. how, you know the room can represent all the material things that keep us bound and locked up. since you can't go out, but I can. didn't the kid bring the outside indoors? I yeah, I've been indoors it. I didn't have the room. and said, the movie relies on the shock factor of its ending, which I think makes less sense the more you think about it. but it's shocking. after the kid realizes that it's either him or the parents, he starts observing them ages himself twice so he can look like his father likes the real one up in the room. and then I guess he forgot that he could wish for his own MoEF, because he does this, obviously, the real dead escapes. the movie keeps that tension of the doubles, at least longer than Rhys did Chewbacca's death. what's Joburg? I just don't get like, why did he just switch back? boy really got that age knocked out of him. they're able to escape the house as the son disinfect some of their figment child, only for it to end weeks later with Kate finding out she's pregnant. it's definitely an ending that leaves it up to you to decide whether it's the real dads or the figment child's child. but the light flickers, which was supposed to happen when you're in the room where a wish happens. I'm out weeks after conception. what if the figment child also disappear outside the room? since only one of the creators was killed, according to the rules, couldn't you just go back and ask the room, or wish it away? it is also 20/20, as a reminder. but above all, how does the movie forget their own characters arc? kate was suffering from multiple miscarriages. wasn't the person that doesn't have it? that's not happiness, right? I'll gladly swap places. overall, I get the shock factor they were going for. I like the ideas it plays with, but it's not completely cohesive in my eyes. I do really like the production design, and still would like to see that Tesla Origin idea get expanded, but by the end of it, it's clear that, out of all the things they wish for out of that room, a cohesive script was not one of them. thank you guys. checking out this video in Kherson. know your thoughts and theories down below in the comment section. again, crazy. I think it's got--it's think we bit a very shocking ending. I like to switch a rule that they pull. so there's a lot of fun ideas that the movie has. I'm excited to see if that sequel ever gets pulled off. it kinda reminds, you have I or agents, a little movie, which I remember they made because they didn't have a big enough budget to make the original idea, which was origins. so, you know, maybe that Tesla talk is the real story that he wants to get into, and this was just something, you know, they may get that funding. I'm so curious to see it. even if I don't fully love this movie, but I'm curious to see what other horror movies you recommend. I feel bad cuz it's like, I end up watching them, and some of the stuffs really messed up. but I went on a binge on a bunch more so definitely a lot more horror movies to come. el-amin wise, I'm occasionally your thoughts. don't forget to comment, like, subscribe, and you can finally leave your room. 