hello everyone. this is mr brain junky here. and today we're going to be talking about a revenge film called i spit on your grave. be ready for some spoilers ahead. jennifer is a young novelist who rents a cottage to write her upcoming novel. she gets the keys for the cabin from the old man, and also some poorly drawn maps. but seriously, though, how's anyone supposed to get directions from this? anyways, she arrives at a gas station to fill up, and meets a couple of stereotypical rednecks. one even tries to hit on her. but jennifer is too strong and independent for this young man, as he lacks the hormones to properly seduce her. instead, he makes a fool out of himself. after that awkward encounter, jennifer leaves and arrived at the cabin. despite the horrible map given to her, she begins to write her novel. of course, how can anyone start working without some alcohol and eye candy for the audience? as she continues with her vacation, i mean, work, she can't shake the feeling that someone is watching her. but i have to say, is this not the worst place for a vacation or what? the lake is so dirty it looks like it's filled with dead bodies. the next morning, she goes out for some jogging, because she has to stay fit and pretty for the male audiences. but seriously, is it normal to wear your underwear to go jogging in the woods? just imagine the amount of bug bites she's gonna get. joking aside, she comes back home after her exercise, probably to go number two. yes, guys, girls do that too. unfortunately, the plumbing is broken, and she hires a plumber to come and fix it. the plumber clearly has some social issues, but she jumps up and gives him a kiss for his hard work, but really, right on the mouth. anyways, it turns out that the plumber is a friend of the rednecks. and i can't blame him for showing off, because i would probably do the same thing. this, of course, makes the gas station boy even more embarrassed, and he vows to take revenge. later that night, the rednecks invade the cabin and humiliates the girl at gunpoint. they truly are stupid though, as one guy started videotaping the whole thing, i guess he wanted to leave some evidence, just in case the police don't catch them. after some threats and taunting, jennifer manages to escape and runs into the local sheriff who was hunting with the cabin owner. personally, though, i had a bad feeling about the sheriff too, since he looked like a psychopath himself, and why doesn't his car have any license plate? anyways, they head back to the cabin, and things begins to go wrong. it turns out that the sheriff is in leagues with the rednecks, and everyone showed up in the cabin. they forced the girl to do whatever they wanted at gunpoint. the plumber seems to be the only one to show sympathy, but through peer pressure, he also becomes the main perpetrator. after doing the nasty with the girl, she escaped into the forest. however, the man catches up, and this time the sheriff wants a term, but he prefers the back door. jennifer gets up and limps towards a lake as the man watches her. before the sheriff can kill her, she takes a leap of faith and disappeared into the river. some time has passed, and weird things began happening to the man. the fat boy stupidly kept the videotape and now finds it missing. the gas station manager sees someone stalking him near his trailer and discovers the plumber's belongings at his front door. the sheriff finds a videotape which was stolen from the fat boy, mailed to his house where his wife and daughter lives. they come together and all concludes that the plumber was the one behind these actions. seriously, though, to arrive at this conclusion knowing the fact that the girl was still alive, proves to me that their combined iq must be much lower than a hundred. as the audience, we see that jennifer actually kidnapped the plumber, and, in fact, orchestrated this whole thing. she uses their search for the plumber to kidnap both the fat boy and mr greasy hair. the fat boy is tied to a tree with his eyes forced open so that the crows will come and pick it out. mr greasy hair is put in a bathtub with chemicals that melted off his skin. the gas station boy is lured in by her nice looking backside. he is then tied up, castrated and left to bleed out. the sheriff is the last of her victims, where she used her daughter to capture him, she puts his shotgun where the sun don't shine and ties the trigger to the unconscious plumber. surely enough, when he wakes up, both of them dies horrendously. i know this movie was supposed to be serious, but i find myself laughing at times just by its absurdity. like just how easily everyone seemed to be knocked unconscious by the main character. maybe this is her superpower. i also love how stupid they portray the bad guys to be, especially the sheriff, who's supposed to know the law inside out. so what did you guys think about the movie? let me know in the comments below. and if you like my videos, please press like and subscribe for more. i'll see you guys next time you 