welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and the killer show mind hunter is finally back on Netflix with its second season that arguably cuts one of the most psychological studies ever put to TV. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about season to its ending and where the show could be going in the future. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch mine, don't yet, and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into my breakdown of mine hunter, season 2. the first season of mind hunter followed Holden Ford in built hench as they slowly established the behavioral science unit that studied the compulsions that created serial killers by interviewing them directly. the work was pretty shunned early on, but after solving several cases through the use of insight gained from the offenders, they were able to slowly build profiles that defined killers, whilst also gaining backing from institutions. however, Holden found himself slowly alienating the other parts of his life due to the fascination of the killers. and in the final episode, he found himself isolated and almost on a friendship level with the people that he was studying. he lost his girlfriend, arrogantly stormed out of meetings and seemed to be approaching the dark side. this came to a head when Edmund Kemper, the most infamous killer of the first season, hooked him, said they were friends. and this sent him into a panic attack. juxtaposing season worn, due to a new director, the FBI are far more accepting of the studies, and even goes so far to make them standard practice in the department. however, that doesn't mean it's all plain sailing, as it's clearly stay that this change up is due to Holden's actions in the first season. after his panic attack, we start to think that the work may be having a negative effect on Holden's help this experience, and it's somewhat fall from grace humbles Holden. but there's still a fascination that exists there with the McCobb it's very much a case of, if you gaze into the abyss, the abyss gazes back. and the dangers in this season come from all directions. BTK gets an expanded role and becomes a huge focus early on, Son of Sam pops up to offer insight. Charles Manson make unforgettable appearance. and the Atlanta child murders become a huge focus, and the ongoing investigations, the latter really drives season two. and the unit is called into investigating the brutal attacks themselves. there is a desperate attempt to draw the killer into the open in order to end the spree as quickly as possible. now, the Atlanta murders themselves took place from 1979 all the way until 1981, and involved the murder of at least 28 children and adults. this wave of crime forces Ford to create a controversial psychological profile of the killer that states he will be black, which doesn't go down too well. he surmises this due to instincts, but it's brushed it aside because it could heighten the racial tensions in the area. the season is a real breeze to watch, and it has personal moments such as Wendy's new love interest, which mirrors Holden's in the first season, and with Bill's family, and namely his adopted son, Brian. these really elevate the show above your typical crime show and hammer home just how much of a burden this all is. the show really discusses whether evil people are born that way, or if it's caused by environment. and as a fan of psychoanalysis, it was thrilling from beginning to end. every character gets a chance to shine here. and even aging Greg, who in the prior season wasn't a big player, it gets quite a big role here, showing how most normal people would deal with questioning a serial killer. a creative team absolutely nail it here. and it really can't be overstated how there's a noir feel to the entire work that really grounds it and leaves a feeling of unease for the majority of its runtime. Damon, Harryman absolutely nails Charles Manson. and after his portrayal of the man in Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, I think he's pretty much cemented himself as the best person to ever play him. this season is phenomenal. and all of these aspects add the overarching Atlanta murders and why they are able to catch the killer holding an axe, a plan to turn the car's arrogance on himself. and they control the media in order to force him into making a mistake and revealing himself. things on easy, though, especially with anger from civilians. but Holden sticks to his profile to drive the investigation, and eventually they manage to track the killer down. the murders are committed by Wayne Williams, and the show depicts the real-life events of his capture as it happened in a bridge. surveillance team stopped his car after hearing a large splash. and after his alibi is discovered two completely fictitious, he becomes the number-one suspect. though it's similar to the show, he was let go at the scene is due to nobody being found. however, after a body was found, they were able to bring williams in for questioning. and after he failed three lie-detector tests and fibers were found that linked him to the crime, he was arrested. the show differs from this slightly, as in that Holden discovers Wayne's talent recruitment is actually a guise to hunt children with. and through tracking the killer, they are able to catch him. Williams didn't taunt the police as much as he did in the show, and the investigation wasn't brought to a close due to a neighbor discussing how he's always outside burning garbage. Williams did hold a press conference at his home now, and was pretty arrogant throughout, even to this day, maintaining his innocence. it's a really thrilling finale, and it expertly demonstrates the investigation that went into bringing Williams down, as well as how difficult it was for the FBI's new way of thinking to be accepted. unlike the first season, the FBI returned to glory and fame. but it's a bittersweet moment, and you get the feeling that the children's debts will never be brought to justice, and that the families will still have no answers as to what really happened. the laces the show with the tone that Holden has created something that he no longer controls. and due to all of their obsessions with the work over what matters, every character seems to end with an unhappy clothes bills, wife and son leave him. Wendy is left alone with no human contact. and Holden sees that though the killer has been caught, there's no solace for the family, as even today, Wayne has never been linked to the children's deaths. we close with BTK participating and salva fixation in a motel. and this place into my season three predictions. those who are aware of that case will know that B TK was not actually caught until the 2000s. and with the show being primarily set in the latter part of the 20th century, rather than how it's closed, a thing that he will either be teased throughout the next season, as per the last two you and we may even get a time jump to show how bill has adjusted to life without his family, and how Holden has went on to become a huge success that is held in high regards, even if he has doubts as to whether his work is doing all of the right things that it should be. BTK will of course, play a huge villain, but with the show rumored to be running for five seasons, i imagine that they may hold off on him for a while. however, due to the deadline that his capture presents, the show will certainly have to put at least some time jumps into place in order to bring it up to his eventual arrest. I think the following season will still focus on his investigation but perhaps per other cases in place. on the road to it, this season moved heavily away from interviews and more towards investigations by its close. and I think that the third season may shift back to showcase more infamous killers, such as Ted Bundy and the psychological insight that he provided. overall, I'm really excited to see where this show goes. and I found this season thrilling throughout, and a massive improvement over the prior work. this dramatically balance many aesthetics and pulled them all off, which made for a brilliant watch. I found mind hunter season 2 gripping, and that's why it gets a 9 out of 10, obviously. I'd love to hear your thoughts on the show and what you'd like to see in season 3. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the ending of season 3 of The Handmaid's Tale, which would be linked at the end. in it, I go over everything about the show's final episodes. so it's definitely worth watching if you want to know more. if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books. then you can follow me on twitter at definition YT it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see you over there. after this. I also just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of John wick 3 on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is to like this video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on mine hunter, season 2 in the comment section below. the 1 will be chosen at random on September the 10th, and the blue arrow be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best, and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 