all right. so this is like a Disney Channel original movie, which, you know, isn't a bad thing. Ava herself said, that's the thing, this is a kids movie, like for 8 to 14 years. true. you've seen it. it's for the little ones. it's for young people. so that's kind of like how I went into it. and since I'm like a 20-something year old cartoon it was just to rent it for me. let me explain. so you know that scene from interstellar where Anne Hathaway talks about love connecting everyone, and, you know, it could even like extend to different galaxies and stuff, that's this movie. these two fell in love, and they do math since they're scientists. they then do some more math together and have kids, until one day this dude just straight-up disappears for four years. but he's white, so it in a stereotype. it's really this absentee father. that's one of the reasons why, to be honest with you, not a black athlete Tefal, exactly. then follow Meg, who's a daughter, and she gets hated are more than Meg from Family Guy. she gets picked on at school by Girl. Meets World Girl, which obviously takes off Meg. so girl meets Paul, and pretty much she's supposed to represent like, every little black her out there who's never had a hero to look up to, and also all those who get that creepy white boy who's always salivating over her. but it's this kid right here, the brother. he's, he's actually adopted. but I'm telling you right now, this is a 40 year old in an 8 year olds body. I swear this child talks like he has a mortgage and a better 401k than I do. this can enjoy long walks on the beach and Downton Abbey. he's got like three PhDs. and he actually is the one who ends up starting this whole entire journey. he's in contact with these three beings known as the missus, cuz they're married to the universe, I guess. missus, who's that white lady who we all know? she it's that one white lady who's like uninvited to your house, but she shows up anyway. she insults, like, everything you have, even though she's dressed up and like, IKEA curtains. mrs. which is that Facebook friend who just speaks in quotes all the time. but at least she ez visit and Oprah. she's just playing Oprah, like, in terms of the most celebrated religions, I believe it goes Christianity, Islam, Oprah ISM. but like bro, they have her walking around the size of Camaro. if Oprah wanted to this, whole movie would be over, cuz you just tell the girl, look under a chair, and she would find her dad. she tells them about her dad's work, who he believed that we could time travel, in a sense, to different dimensions by just thinking of the right frequency. that frequency, of course, is 94.3 posit encouraging. Caitlyn, it's love. pretty much, remember those paper fortune teller things from middle school that would open up and, you know, there'd be like, different dimensions. you would have different panels. and even though some panels would disappear, they're not really gone. they're just unfolded. that's kind of what's happening here when they go into this Sound of Music dimension, it's just there. I say, a wrinkle in time. in my opinion, I think they could have built this world a bit better. you know, not focus on like, Reese Witherspoon turned into a leaf Pokemon, not doing yoga with Galifianakis. but there is a part that I thought was the most impactful, the part that really is the climax of the movie, and that's when they're this close to finding her dad, and she's scared too, because what if he did leave? what if she's out looking for him, but he doesn't want to go back with her? well, damn girl. I was hoping mine was lost in another dimension and didn't just dip crush that. they go from the set of twister to the set of The Giver. this kid keeps losing more clothes randomly. and eventually the end of fighting. Michael Pena at a beach, and I'm gonna tell you right now, I'm Mexican, but I didn't find mine. oh, dude, that looks like that homie. looks like you works for Willy Wonka in the devil. homie starts controlling the little brother. and meg has to look within herself again to go into a dimension within a dimension. she answers an apple commercial, finds her dad, who like, I don't know, it seems like he hasn't even tried to leave. and then the it captures them. so this is the evil being of this world, and they call it the it. kind of like penny wise. and it's supposed to be like a metaphor of light and darkness. so every time you do say or feel something bad, that's the it taken over you. that's why, in order to defeat it, mega has to pull up B rabbit from eight-mile confess all their faults, defeat the a and make it back home. the bully just forgives her. like every other Disney Channel movie, the family is back together. the white boy is the happiest of them all. and we're all reminded about the one thing powerful enough to make us cross dimensions and risk our lives, Chris Pine. anyone would go search for a missing Chris Pine? I think you guys check it out, this movie. I'm curious to know your thoughts. I know a lot of people were hyped out for this. I'm curious if it lived up to you. if you read the book, I read the book, of course, but here's to know what you thought about it. that was a good story. it's good to have, you know, strong female leads for girls. I just don't know about literally comparing her at the end of the movie to Einstein, Maya, Angelou and freaking Schindler I mean, don't get me wrong, she's a hero in her own right. she saved dimensions, all that good stuff. but, you know, like Schindler had a list on that. let me know. any other movie I'm gonna cover down below in the comment section, we can discuss anything. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you too can be as great as Schindler. 