remember in American Pie, when Jason Biggs stuck his last name into the American Pie, and that's how the series got its name, American Pie. well, this movie subs in a peach for that action, and has at least one more Oscar nomination than that franchise has. in the movie, you follow a kid who lives in Italy in the 70s after the Corleone rain. and i'ma tell you right now, as a straight dude, this actor can get it, and i get it. i mean, the oscar Armie Hammer kept failing blockbusters. so he goes with the independent route to Italy, where he stays as a guest of this kid's dad, who's an archaeologist. but instead of studying bones, they study each other bones. now, I know what you're thinking, about 20-something year old hooking up with a 17 year old. ain't that what people keep tweeting about eight that? well, people go to jail for even when it's consensual. and you know what, don't worry. this movie has Oscar potential. so it's I they flirt, dance, eat, which then progresses to the second act where they flirt, dance, eats. and then there's this big scene that I'm sure you've all been hearing about, and it's been getting a lot of buzz involving of fruits. and if you ever seen James and the Giant Peach, when he turns into claymation and survives with insects as they feast inside this massive fruit, this movie is in no way, shape or form like that. see, boyo overhears got a girlfriend, but since he's discovering himself, it's is not considered cheating. so halfway through the movie, since he's got two lovers who he can't please, amel taneous Lea, my dude, gets lonely and reenacts that grapefruit technique, going all American Pie with that peach, pulling out his King Arthur's sword. and when army comes in with his hammer, he decides that, uh, he's craving some peaches and cream and bone Appetit. stat peach. that, my friends, is a true meaning of love, to swallow fruit. they have their little summer fling, go to Rome together. tzuf, John Stephens finally comes out, and then you have the best supporting scene of the year, where Michael star Berg opens up to his son and reveals to him that he too had someone call him by his name. but even though they have a father-son bonding moment, he forgets to tell this man how bad heartbreak is. so when army leaves, probably to ruin another blockbuster, Elio is left to his own futile devices, until he gets a call one day letting him know that armies followed the straight and narrow and is getting married to a girl. it's at the end where you realize that this isn't a full-out love story, but one about heartbreak. and you wonder if these flings are just stepping stones that are bring you closer to the one. maybe there's a purpose for all these things. you wonder if pain is inevitable. you wonder if this movie is considered a foreign language film or not. but there's one thing that you know for sure by the end of this movie, and that's that Timmy needs that Oscar, because this dude acts through the credits. thank you guys for checking out this video. like I've been telling everyone, this movie needs to get that attention. Timmy needs that Oscar because the boy acts through the credits. peers know your thoughts about it. let me know what you thought about this movie. the PHP nor anything else. until next time, keep watching movies, and I'll see you guys later 