before we begin, let me start by saying, as a man who has lived in the south his entire life, I can attest that it is not uncommon to have a daddy who run off and a man who Ogle's his sister. would you put this in space? and some telekinesis, and all of a sudden is COO, the star survive movie today. ah, hey, Lia, looky OB Wham. the family, don't you? Becca? that's what folks in my neck of the woods do. Billy Dee. and as the Amish and British would say, it Yoder plate. our story continues with Darth Vader, my love. then back to Jevons bud, just hit the east side of the Tatooine, rolling down the street. we're now Hannes, until they held up at gunpoint and taken captive by some freaks to become love slaves. story of our lives for some ugly mafia alone. oh, I ain't supposed to say he ugly. that's not politically correct. well, I'm sure that, much like Molly Ringwald, he has a great personality. then r2 spews out some projection of Luke. and apparently he got an upgrade, since he projected Leia and episode Paul, because if she been this size, Luke would have been able to more effortlessly ogle his justice ChaCha's. so Luke offers to trade a scrap metal photon. but just when you think someone has a great personality, nope, you're wrong. and party time. oh yeah, baby, shake what your mama gave you. - nice. but I'm sure each of her sixties got a great personality. in walks a bounty hunter with the family dog asking Vito for some money in exchange for the dog sex. I don't blame her. you know, us us poops at school will be required to clean up that. pets parties. ooh, bill addy. and if you thought that tiny tot was incapable of capturing a Wookiee four times her size, you would be right. how do big dumb idiots like, oh, let's just say job, get rich and rise to power? would not a damn brain cell to be found. oh, he's only out still, look like he's too much McDonald's. and like all-powerful slovenly men, Java forces his women to dress an exotic lingerie, imposing humiliating positions while pretending they enjoy it. we'll look who's here. your Bubba, hey, sexy metal muffin. surprise, Luke was standing on the trapdoor to drop this into a rancor pit where he must now do battle. and Luke just look at him like, you're one ugly [ __ ]. what a great personality. but after Luke survives the predator, Jennifer decides they should all be thrown into the deserts. big bro day warming to the bellybutton. I better just need to lend to and while they all fight to avoid a fate of slow digestion in the pits of this hellhole Luke once called home, Leia choked a great personality right out that nest. a bit, they escaped somehow. and while hana has told his flowers to do, who the hell knows what, Luke flies to Bogota, I mean, bodega, I mean boku day. I love BOGO days, especially when the subway do it. while Luke flies to go get his two-for-one, the great, crusty, evil one lands wherever the hell Darth Vader is, and tells him he won't that rebellious Skywalker man, so he can spank that little Jedi Fanny. and to speak that way about him, in front of his father. this movie is disgusting and gross. oh, this pass. and poor little Yoda climbing his decrepit, it's up on his little bunk. and the poor froakie even dimepiece without this damn whining puss all up in his face, rambling about his daddy complex Yoda, y'all, yeah, Benny just hurt. then Yoda mumble something about, do not seek the treasure and do not, oh, go your sister's house. and then he just fade away. okay, pause. this is my me of when I was little and I spend the night at my Grandmama's. and I'd be a place, sitting in the dark, watching things I'll not be watching, and she creep up behind me, like, what? G let's get up out of me. I thought I was being haunted by some obese ghost. okay, carry on, goth Vader's your daddy? muffin, being on which person? do my sister's Tatas reside? I need to know so I don't oh, girl, them. think about that time the force whispered, you being creepy, dumb [ __ ]. Leia, yeah, those are the tower tiles, muffin. and then the rebels convene to discuss a mission to a shitzu slash vidal from as good as it gets, hybrid infested moon. lead the way, han, believe your love with Billy. but on the way, looks like, oh, I can smell my daddy from here. he used a lot of wd-40 to keep that suit from squeaking. plus it smell a little funky in there, cuz I don't think he's changing since, Oh, today, I was born. look at the color appropriate attire they have brought with them in their overnight bags. and they have a little scooter chase with some biker Scout sense like Hells Angels up in his mission, complete with bodies thrown into trees. Billy attempts to run each other off the road and Firearms, but Leia gets lost and then rescued by one of them shih tzus. and lair, you better keep your distance, not because he's scary, but because my mama had won them dogs. and i don't care how much she paid the prison brat that mustache on his face constantly read the smelly foot cheese, but they all make friends. and then darth vader, like my kid, off with them. hooligans. he gonna get this black belt across that pasty. that's when he got home. and the Emperor is like, I'll be looking forward to that. love you muffin. then back at the little puppet planet party, yeah, I know it's a moon, Luke has a little summit with his sis [ __ ]. and I ain't even gonna talk about what they say here, because it just full of dirty word like, I feel it, and I felt him and I felt it and such a, such a thing. then Luke shows up in handcuffs and turns over his glow-in-the-dark toilet. is that dirty Dan Vader tells Luke, damn for a got some lessons for you. I already learn them. ain't fun, and he kind of gross. but i'ma just hang around so he don't off me. he's your master now. enjoy. and then the obligatory pews and Boom, Boom's while the puppies save Han Leia and Chewie in the scrap metal from the Imperial forces with sticks and tiny mallets and knocking him over with a cuteness. while the pooch is pummeled a pugnacious, potty Billy Dee off riding hounds woman all the way to the stars. well, two deaths die in a way. and what does he find out? the damn best dies, locked and loaded and ready to blast him into oblivion. yeah. take that, puppets kicking, and then we'll gets blown up. this is so sad. back on the desktop, Luke is getting mighty angry, and Emperor is enjoying it way too much. creepy bastard. and then loose, talking up his daddy. and then he stops. and then beta sauce gonna be and then Luke stops again. hidden in Vedas that's gonna have his son again. hidden in Veda suggests he can turn last Tatas to the dark side. and did Luke stop? good enough. his daddy again. and then he stops again. and looks like, I didn't try to tell you serious that you're like a walk in case of chlamydia. so if you don't mind, I'd like to keep my it's on the light side of this false think. ooh. and then city of stuff can up Luke, and invaders like, nobody gonna whoop my son. but meat, there's a damn good Paul. see y'all in the dockside bit. oh, here's your supreme leader. just ignore his dying, getting dragged alone by some puny sister, okhla, when he was choking, y'all, y'all was all right there doing his evil deeds, but now he's dying, and you're like, who gives the flying fart the damn ship? I'm about to blow it up, and I ain't got to meet Billy Dee. and it looks like I thought my daddy was going to look like. James Earl Jones, are you just a mascot for the California Raisins? and then old Santa go up to join Amidala, but ol load the disappointment on her face when she sees her man here looking like a damn dumb got burned, and we're soaking in the tub. T long. and Luke escapes, and the rebels blow up the Death Star. and Leia breaks the family news to Han, who just sit that again, who dis family, who launched the fireworks ever daddy's funeral? rude. and then everybody gets faced. and Luke goes on the founda Jedi Academy and works alongside Kyle Katarn, who stole the Death Star, plans and if you don't know that story, your head is way too far backed up. dezhnev learned. if you enjoyed this, or any of my other videos, please consider hopping yourself on over to my patreon page. with these widespread monetization problems on YouTube, this channel depends on outside support. even one dollar, one time, could make, oh so much a difference. be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe. feel regular force of meth. you can expect me to upload more videos about once a week, full movies explained for I'm Jedi of I mean, jib or die. you know, young Skywalker's has some cool false powers, and I love them dearly. but basically days just trash. 