welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and we finally have some amazing news for the killer show, mind hunters, returned. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about mine under season 2, including its release state, themes, cast and more. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't seen any of season one yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, thank you for clicking the video. I hope you enjoy it. now let's get into my breakdown of mind hunters season 2. okay, so first things first, mind hunters season 2 will be released on the 16th of August worldwide, with all episodes dropping on the same day. in typical Netflix fashion, season 2 was commissioned even before season 1 had been released. so it's clear that Netflix are very confident in the property and where it's going. but wise, season 2 is set to be centered around two big crimes, with the first being the Atlanta child murders, which took place between 1979 and 1981. the brutal attacks claimed the lives of at least 21 people. and whilst David Fincher initially said that you could probably set three seasons around the killings. it seems that we're just getting the one for the time being. the case itself was eventually solved, and the killer was later revealed to be Wayne Williams, a 23 year old Atlanta native. it's unclear whether this will take up the first part of the season or run side by side with the second, more infamous pot setting, which are now getting to. that is the murders carried out by Charles Manson and his cult in 1969. Damon Harryman is set to play the infamous killer, which is quite funny, as he's also been cast as Manson in Quentin Tarantino's upcoming movie, Once Upon a Time in Hollywood. so, yeah, a Hobie doesn't mind being typecast. anyway, the tape murders, which Manson's followers carried out, took place on August the 8th, which just so happens to be my birthday. so, yeah, bad day in general, and it will no doubt be a massively shocking part of the show. the crime was carried out by four of Manson's followers who invaded the home of Roman Polanski and Sharon Tate. they killed five people, including Tate, who was eight months pregnant at the time. though Polanski was not at the residue when the crimes were carried out, this will, of course, be another massive part of the show. and it seems like the season will stretch the time setting slightly by placing both in the same time period, even though they happened almost a decade apart. it's unclear whether the BTK killer that was teased in the initial season will be making a return, as in real-life serial killer Dennis Rader was not caught until the 2000s, and the act of the plays him is nowhere to be found in any of the cast lists. he was not active between 1977 and 1985. so the show might perhaps hint at him in this season and set things up in place for further down the line, with the showrunner stating that they were eyeing up five seasons. returning to the show is Jonathan Groff, who will once again be playing Holden Ford. IMDB also lists Bill tenchu, is based on real-life criminal psychologist Robert Ressler, returning with a Natur playing dr. Wendy Carr, who is loosely based on an wahlberg Burgess behind the scenes. David Fincher is back in the director's chair, and he will be heading up both the premiere and the finale. all in all, it's setting up for another great season. and fans of the macabre with a fascination for serial killers will definitely find a lot to like here. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on mind hunter season 2. and if you're excited for it, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and make sure you check out my stranger things season 4 predictions video, which would be linked at the end. I go over all of the things I think will happen in the upcoming season and give the evidence to support it. so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. I'll leave that link at the end, and hopefully I'll see you over there. after this, I also just want to let you know that we're giving away a free copy of Avengers endgame on blu-ray to one lucky winner. and all you have to do is like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on mine hunter in the comment section below. the word. it'll be chosen at random on August the 10th, and the blu-ray will be shipped out from then. - ever gets the prize, best of luck to everyone who takes part. and thanks again for checking out the video. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 