[Music] in the Eastern European country of sokovia, the Avengers raid a Hydra facility commanded by Baron Wolfgang von Strucker, who has been experimenting on humans using the scepter previously wielded by Loki. they encountered two of strucker's test subjects, twins, Pietro Maximoff, who has superhuman speed, and Wanda Maximoff, who could manipulate minds and project energy, and apprehend Strucker. while Stark retrieves Loki's scepter. stark and banner discover an artificial intelligence within the scepters gem and secretly use it to complete Starks Ultron global defense program. the unexpectedly sentient Ultron, believing that he must eradicate humanity to save earth, eliminate Starks AI Jarvis, and attacks the Avengers at their headquarters. escaping with the scepter, Ultron uses the resources instructors sokovia base to upgrade his rudimentary body and build an army of robot drones. having killed Strucker, he recruits the maxime ops, who hold stark responsible for their parents death by his weapon, and go to the base of arms dealer Ulysses Klaw to obtain wakandan vibranium. the Avengers attack Ultron and the maximov, but Wanda subdued them with haunting visions, causing the Hulk to rampage until Stark stops him with his anti Hulk armor. a worldwide backlash over the resulting destruction and the fears Wanda's hallucinations incited send the team into hiding at a safehouse. Thor departs to consult with dr. Erik Selvig on the meaning of the apocalyptic future he saw in his hallucination. while Romanoff and banner planned to flee together after realizing a mutual attraction. however, Nick Fury arrives and encourages the team to form a plan to stop Ultron. in Seoul, ultron forces the team's friend, dr. Helen Cho to use her synthetic tissue technology, together with vibranium and the scepters gem to perfect a new body for him. as Ultron uploads himself into the body, Wanda is able to read his mind, discovering his plan for human extinction. the maximov's turn against Ultron Rogers Romanoff and Barton find Ultron and retrieved the synthetic body, but Ultron captures roam. the Avengers fight amongst themselves, when stark secretly uploads Jarvis, who is still operational after hiding from Ultron inside the Internet, into the synthetic body. Thor returns to help activate the body, explaining that the gem on its brow, one of the six Infinity stones, the most powerful objects in existence, was part of his vision vision. and the maximov accompany the Avengers to sokovia, where Ultron has used the remaining vibranium to build a machine to lift a large part of the capital city skyward, intending to crash into the ground to cause global extinction. banner rescues Romanoff, who awakens the Hulk for the battle. the Avengers fight Ultron's army, while fury arrived in a Helicarrier with Marita Hill, James Rhodes and shield agents to evacuate civilians. Pietro dies when he shields Barton from gunfire. and the vengeful one abandons her post to destroy Ultron's primary body, which allows one of his drones to activate the machine. the city plummets, but stark and Thor overload the machine and shatter the landmass in the aftermath, the Hulk, unwilling to endanger Romanoff by being with her, departs in a Quinn jet, while the vision confronts Ultron's last remaining body. later, with the Avengers having established a new base run by fury hill Cho and Selvig Thor returns to Asgard to learn more about the forces. he suspect some manipulated recent events at Stark leaves and Barton retires. Rogers and Romanoff prepared to train new Avengers Rhodes divisions, Sam Wilson and Wanda. in the mid credit scene, Thanos, dissatisfied by the failures of his pawns, Don's a gauntlet and vows to retrieve the Infinity stones himself. home, dude, you 