[Music]. before we get started, we have a word from our sponsor, vincero watches. you want to make sure you got a well-dressed wrist, and nobody but ventura watches has the right style and perseverance to fit your budget. what you think? they're just 22 000 five star reviews for no reason, plus free shipping, 30 day returns and your watch, it has a two year guarantee. come on. now, there are over eight collections for men. uh, actually, there are four new collections too. the automatic movement watch collection called the icon. that rugged explorer watch collection called the outrider, the sleek race watch collection called the apex, and the smaller style for the chrono s me. chrono s collection, rose gold, one of my favorite designs. fits well on me and everything i think it's perfect. wait, i didn't mention today is the start of the biggest sale in vincero watches history. for the 6th anniversary. everything on ventura watches is 30 off. all you have to do is click right on that link in the description and check out. you don't even need a code. just click the link again. click on the link in the description, look at any of these awesome products, whether it's watches, sunglasses, anything. check out if you want something and 30 off, boom, bam, pow. let's clap it up for ventura watches for sponsoring today's video. they're really helping us out. but anywho, i know y'all been waiting for this, the pokey tapes, one of the classic disturbing films i heard about. finally got a hold of it, and it's like one big ass forensic fouls episode. well, actually, this film is a documentary about a serial killer who left maybe hundreds of vhs tapes showcasing his wickedness. like forensic fouls or unsolved mysteries, she got input from the fbi and other detectives, detailing how ahead of the curve this killer is. people related to the victims still live in a forever nightmare as this butcher starts killing everyone. here we go. this found footage film isn't as gnarly as august underground or anything similar, but it's more about the effects that a killer has on everybody involved, and taking him down that can be worse than some gore in any cases. this film is very reflective of real life and the pain people go through when losing a loved one to a killer. so we will be entirely respectful. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown. cue to gohan. [Music]. a funeral is in progress. an unwelcomed visitor recording it all go down too. this is intercut with random footage of a girl named cheryl dempsey. she is the one having the funeral after all. but she still can't rest, because the killer takes her body out of her grave later at night. next title screen above an abyss of possible graves. ever seen forensic files? a lot of bodies discovered in random parts of the woods on that show. kinda reminds me of those cannibal movies too. part one, the tape. alice here introduces the house where the poukeepsee tapes was found. many fbi agents talk in the documentary, they had no idea what they were in for with this sick cycle running around. this guy here, he had to watch every single one of the tapes. he still has nightmares about him too. and his wife accidentally saw a tape once. apparently she was so traumatized that she didn't let him touch her for an entire year, bodies were found hidden in the backyard, mostly women, and in one instance, a baby. now look at all these tapes. that's, that's just the start. from here all the way down to here, are explicitly about the victim mentioned in the beginning, named cheryl. here is our first tape, the killer making some women blow up a balloon and bounce on it until it pops. he'll pop it. what. perfect. that was just the beginning. part two, first blood. an fbi profiler is talking to some new recruits about the stakes of the job. you'll encounter some very evil people out there. he shows them one of the first poukeepsy tapes the killer. he calls himself ed, so i'll call him that. ed stalks a little girl just sitting in her front yard. she's smart enough to be wary of strangers no matter what, but she still doesn't sense the wickedness in him, and gets knocked unconscious, dragged back into his car, all the way to some sad fate. she was found raped and murdered somewhere in the woods. the parents call the police, and the robotic operator says you have to wait 24 hours before you can report a missing person. that's not true at all. and even if it was true, i doubt it would apply to children. that was just one of the first tapes that the fbi profiler says was just an appetizer. the next tape shows ed catching a ride from some nice people who let him in. he lies about his camera, saying he's recording his journey. after ignoring all of their questions, he literally hits the driver over the head and gets ready for the crash. he then uses chemicals to knock out the lady. quickly, see, this seems random, but it's all planned. playing from the literal route he make the victims go down to the way he held the camera when he knocked out the lady, he made sure there were no witnesses. it's like he discovered he had a knack for this sort of thing. the next tape shows him waiting for his victim to awaken. zooming out, shows he surgically implanted her husband's head in her torso she died like that and was discovered like that. and get this, the killer showed the police where the body would be before he even met the victims. well, that's not too special. i guess it just means he planned ahead, but the way he told the police where the bodies would be is using hand signs that would be recorded randomly by gas station cameras. it all refers to a red house where the body was discovered. first thing you notice is that whenever the investigators talk about the killers, they refer to him being on a completely different level than what they are used to, a killer who doesn't slip, who has everything planned out, almost like the joker. one victim, he beheaded and put her body parts in two different counties, knowing full and well that it would take time for each separate part to be discovered. part 4, cheryl dempsey. it seems extremely likely that the killer shows cheryl as his prolonged victim completely out of random she just caught his eye out of the many young people he was watching. he even seems to tap her phones to learn much about her. one night, he actually sneaks in. the kidnapper kind of reminds you of the opening scene of halloween a little. not just the camera, but her boyfriend comes out of nowhere. as he roams around, the killer is pretty skilled at hiding quickly. he sets his camera down and hides for hours as the couple watches movies. he's splinter cell 3, chaos theory, sneaky, like, right next to them. soon he beats the boyfriend over the head, chases after cheryl and just goes malicious over her head too. he takes her into his car and then murders the boyfriend gruesomely off screen. according to the interviews, the boyfriend had been cut from anus to chest and had his intestines pulled out and stuck around the house's decorations. shiro had been put in this unnatural position, forced to be beaten and submit to this vicious killer. meanwhile, everyone looks for her, like you would expect, and her mother goes on tv to plead for her safe return. the killer, videotape in hand, goes to cheryl's mother, saying he'll do whatever he can to help. before she starts realizing that he's smiling, she realizes he was the killer, and he runs away. he does very risky things, i'll talk about that later, though. overall, cheryl becomes his main victim, where he mostly damages her psychologically. but the diabolical killer has a new plan. in part 5, a new mo he starts pretending to be a police officer and killing prostitutes. even henry started changing his mo to avoid police. we will soon learn that this isn't because he just wants to kill prostitutes. these prostitutes end up murdered in a similar manner to black dahlia, and some are the subject to necrophilia. ted bundy even appears in the movie talking to an fbi investigator about whether or not a killer has sex before or after death. if after death, like the killer in this movie, then it's probably because decomposition gets them off. next tape, somebody is knocking at the killer's door. oh no, girl scouts. he invites them in under the guise of a police officer. you would trust a police officer more than just anybody, right? don't worry, he doesn't kill them, even though he gets very close to one of his victims downstairs, causes them to leave. plus he's acting weird. as soon as they leave, we see he was sitting on cheryl all along. now, at one point, the police find fingerprints at a victim's apartment, and they belong to a jim foley. he's a police officer with no alibi for the murders, and often rode around in an unmarked police car to play with prostitutes. they also find matching semen on various victims belonging to him. so it would definitely seem that he is the killer, no matter what he always says he is innocent. but he is pronounced guilty and put to death. just being on death row seems nightmarishly scary. and jim foley accepts his death without any last statements or anything. this all took place september 2001. part six, missed one. jim foley's police partner gets a map in this mail pointing to one missing body that wasn't discovered. in other words, the real killer was, in fact, not jim foley at all. it seems like all a coincidence that foley was arrested, but apparently it's not. it seems foley's sperm was taken from some sperm bank and planted on the victims. i don't know how the killer knew about foley in the first place, or his suspicious behavior at all, but whatever, i wonder how he even got inside the sperm bank without any identification popping up. jim foley is declared innocent three days after his execution, one day after 9 11 happens. due to 9 11 basically being the top thing in the news, nobody notices the gem foley innocence. this was apparently the killer's plan to get the focus off him, yet still be able to kill at the same time, by creating a prostitute killer persona that jim foley took to fall for him. sending the map to his partner was taunting. okay, part 7 found. so the map was able to be reverse engineered to the killer's home. yeah, they tracked his home down, but he wanted them to find the house. there wasn't a single fingerprint in the house at all. cheryl was discovered in a crate, and she was tortured similar to junkofruta, except she got out alive, burned, teeth pulled out, injuries too horrible for the doctor to even mention. since she was kidnapped and tortured for years, she adapted to a point in which she cannot function without pain, so she starts harming herself, even though she's home. and she's developed stockholm syndrome. she gets an interview in this documentary, but whenever they ask her a question, she always asks, what do you want me to say, can't really think for herself anymore. and now thinks that the killer loved her and he'll return to get her. two weeks later, she kills herself. she declares undying love for her master and her suicide note, and then you have her body stolen by the killer. and guess what? the police never caught the killer or know who he is. i'll talk about that much later. but that's pretty much the poughkeepsie tapes. oh yeah, there's a little bonus scene after the credits. this victim can live if she doesn't blink. her agony increases as she realizes her eyelids are getting ready to drop. and that's it, a very interesting mockumentary film showing just how sick and depraved anybody could be at the killer could literally be any of the guys in my old programming classes. he could be a teacher. he probably could be this dude who said, i had to watch all the tapes. if the killer could literally be anybody, he showed you you could be depraved and ahead of the police at the same time. now let's talk about the most disturbed moment and most enjoy moment. and that's spooky stuff. cue. the gohan. [Music]. so my only one that thinks it's just a little weird that the police still haven't caught the killer. i mean, they don't even know his name. meanwhile, on forensic files, you got detectives finding serial killers through leftover dna and dog poop. and these detectives in this film look like the only thing they can do is collect body parts. this lady apparently was the owner of the property the killer lived in. he was a tenant, and she didn't have any information on him, his name, phone. the polish sketch made by cheryl's mother didn't seem to help either. how did he organize a sperm heist to steal jim foley's sperm? did he sneak in like splinter cell? the police couldn't find any logistical patterns. and the dumping of the prostitute bodies? nobody saw him digging graves. no witnesses at any point. well, a legend is pretty scary, i guess most this third moment is honestly cheryl's tapes. yeah, there were some gore here and there, but the main pain is how the killer's actions affect everyone, from cheryl to her mother to the poor saps that have to watch the tapes. most enjoy moment is clearly how over the top the killer was portrayed. damn near joker level plans just to kill people and not be seen. if we just saw the tapes, though i wouldn't have thought so. i don't know. i guess he wasn't as creepy as the interviews kept saying. and that's it for keepsake tapes. probably been asking for this video since i started. if you enjoyed this video, maybe you could click like button and subscribe for more videos like this. since it's that mockumentary style. you'll probably enjoy cannibal holocaust too. or you could get real found footage, like august underground, probably one of the most messed up found footage films out there. anyway, thanks for watching. thanks for ventura watches for sponsoring the video, and spooky out 