welcomes to movies. summary. today i am going to explain science fiction drama film real steel. in 2020, human boxers are replaced by robots. charlie canton, a former boxer, owns ambush, but loses it in a fight against a bull belonging to promoter and carnival owner ricky. having bet with ricky that ambush would win, charlie absconds before ricky can collect. after the fight, charlie learns that his ex-girlfriend died, and he must now attend a hearing deciding the future of their son, max, a robot boxing fan with whom charlie has virtually no contact since max was born. max's maternal aunt, debra, and her wealthy husband, marvin, want full custody, which charlie bargains for 100 000, half in advance, and marvin negotiates that. charlie retains max for three months while marvin and debra go on vacation, settling into a gym owned by bayley tollett, the daughter of charlie's former boxing coach. charlie acquires the once famous noisy boy, but it is destroyed in an underground match against another robot boxer, midas as charlie and max attempt to scavenge parts from a junkyard to make a new robot. max discovers atom, an obsolete but intact sparring robot designed to withstand severe damage and can mirror opponent and handler movements and store them in its memory due to its rare shadow function. at max's behest, charlie pits adam against metro, whom adam overcomes. max programs noisy boys vocal respond, controls in adam and convinces charlie to help him with adam's fighting move memory. this results in a series of victories culminating in charlie being offered a fight in world robot boxing, pitting adam against national champion twin cities. the fight starts with adam on the attack, but twin cities easily takes the offensive. charlie notices a hitch whenever twin cities throws a right punch, and using this, charlie controls adam to a win by knockout. elated by their success, max challenges undefeated global champion zeus, with the audience squarely in their side. after the fight, ricky and his two henchmen attacked charlie for bailing earlier and robbed him and max of their winnings, prompting a defeated and dejected charlie to return max to deborah. this upsets max, and when charlie tries to convince him that living without him is better for max, max says he always wanted charlie to fight for him and be there as a father. after max leaves, charlie returns to tallett's gym. while talking with bayley about the events, the two kiss, revealing their attraction to each other. persuaded by bayley, charlie arranges the zeus challenge max wanted, and convinces debra to allow max to witness the fight. zeus dominates early, knocking adam down with its first punch. adam continues to get back up. despite zia's punishment, adam survives the first round, stunning the audience. ricky, who had made a 100 000 bet with finn, a friend of charlie's, that adam would not last the first round, tries to slip away, but is cornered by the fight's bookmakers. meanwhile, in the ring, adam lands multiple punches, but continues to be knocked down. repeatedly. late in the fourth round, adam's vocal respond controls are damaged, forcing charlie to use its shadow function to make adam mimic his boxing skills. with zeus programmers unable to compensate, the designer, tak mashido, personally takes control like charlie has. zeus is given a sound beating, once even hitting the ground, and barely avoiding losing by knockout. but wins the match by number of hits, since adam could not beat it within the limit of five rounds, zeus remains undefeated, but with mashido's group left humiliated by the near loss, and adam is triumphantly labeled the people's champion. movie ends in that scene. please like, share and subscribe. 