hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're gonna be summarizing all of the Star Wars movies that have been released leading up to episode 9. I will release this video in two separate formats, one in order of the year that the films were released, and the other in order of the chronological in universe timeline. so let's get started. the film opens with an organization known as the Trade Federation imposing a blockade on a planet known as Naboo due to taxation on trade routes. the Galactic Republic, the government of most of the central planets in the galaxy, dispatches two Jedi Knights, Master qui-gon jinn and his apprentice, obi-wan Kenobi, to investigate the matter. the short explanation of who the Jedi's are is they are warriors that use weapons called lightsabers and have special powers, which they harness through something called the force. the Jedi's are viewed as the good guys. throughout the films. the Trade Federation is working under the direction of Darth Sidious, a Sith Lord. the cysts are kind of the evil opposite of the Jedi, more of the dark side of the force. the Jedi arrived to negotiate with Viceroy Gunray, the leader of the Federation. however, the Viceroy is ordered to kill the Jedi and invade the planet of Naboo with a droid army. the Jedi escape, hiding aboard one of the Droid landing ships and arrive on the planet Naboo. the Jedi meet the Gungan Jar Jar Binks, who takes them to the secret underwater Gungan city. the leader of the Gungans is unwilling to help this surface civilization of Naboo from the droid invasion, but does give the Jedi transport to the Naboo capital city. the Jedi even rescue Queen Amidala, the Democratic leader of the Naboo people, an escaped Naboo, though their ship is severely damaged. the damaged ship lands on the desert planet of Tatooine in order to repair its hyperdrive. qui-gon Jar Jar a droid named r2d2 in Queen Amidala was handmaiden Padme, I'll go to the city of Moss ESPA to find the parts that are needed. they find a shop owned by an alien named Watteau and his slave, an annual boy named Anakin Skywalker. Anakin is a skilled engineer, having built a robot assisted droid named c-3po. Anakin is also a talented podracer, a type of dangerous high-speed racing. qui-gon can tell that Anakin has an extremely strong tie to the force and appears to be the chosen one that the Jedi prophecy foretells of, the one that should bring balance to the force. Ivan tries to use his money that they have in order to buy their parts, but Watto is not interested in their foreign currency. through a series of events, qui-gon make us a bet with water, with that if Anakin wins the next big pod race, that they will get all the parts of the need, and Anakin will also be freed. qui-gon also tries to barter for Anakin's mother, Shmi, but is unsuccessful. Anakin wins the race, and they get the hyperdrive they need. Anakin is freed. and Anakin vows to become a Jedi one day and will find a way to free his mother. with her ship repaired, they traveled to the Galactic Republic capital of Khorasan. so Queen Amidala can plead for aid for Naboo before the Galactic Senate under the recommendation of Naboo Senator Palpatine. Queen Amidala issues a vote of no-confidence for the current chancellor, the leader of the Galactic Republic. while she is doing this, qui-gon takes Anakin before the Jedi Council to request that he be trained as a Jedi. the council feels that he is too concerned with his emotions, and he has potential to be swayed to the dark side of the force. qui-gon vows, however, to train Anakin himself. Queen Amidala is frustrated with the corruption in the Senate and cannot wait for the vote of no-confidence to go through, so she returns back to the planet of Naboo with a Jedi. on Naboo, the animated Padme reveals that she is actually Queen Amidala. and the actual Queen has actually been involved in film much more than the audience had initially thought. they enlist the aid of the Gungans, who now want to aid in defeating in the droid army. it's a three part attack with the Gungans attacking the droids on land. the Naboo army attacking the Federation control ships and space, and the jedis and Padme capturing the Viceroy. Anakin ends up getting into a Starfighter and destroys one of the Droid control ship, while qui-gon and obi-wan battle against Darth Maul. Darth Sidious Sith apprentice. Darth Maul ends up killing qui-gon, and obi-wan kills Darth Maul. obi-wan now pledges to train Anakin and the ways of the Jedi. Viceroy Gunray is captured. Senator Palpatine is elected to the Supreme Chancellor, and a large celebration happens on Naboo now that they are free from the Trade Federation, which ends the film. the film takes place 10 years after episode 1, with the Galactic Republic facing a new group known as the separatist movement, led by the Sith Lord, Count Dooku. senator Padme goes to Khorasan to vote for a plan to create an army to assist the Jedi against the separatist movement. after avoiding an assassination attempt, Padme is put under the protection of obi-wan, Kenobi and his apprentice, Anakin Skywalker. a second assassination attempt occurs. obi-wan and Anakin capture the would-be assassin. however, she is assassinated by another bounty hunter with a toxic Dart. Obi one takes the poisonous dart to be analyzed and identified to capture the other bounty hunter, while Anakin escorts pad me back to Naboo, where the two of them fall in love, which is forbidden by the Jedi way. Obi Wan's investigation takes him to the planet of Kamino, where he discovers that a clone army is being produced for the Galactic Republic. however, it is unclear who commissioned or approved of their production, as it was never voted on. Obi Wan finds the Bounty Hunter, Jango Fett, who was used for the original for the Cologne army, and is also the same bounty hunter who took out the assassin that attempted to kill Padme. Jango kept one of the clones for himself, named him boba, which he wants to raise as his own son. obi-wan follows Jango and Bobo to the desert planet of Genesis. meanwhile, Anakin has visions of his mother, Shmi, being in pain and travels with Padme to his home world to save her. when he arrives, Anakin meets his mother's new husband, Clegg Lars, as well as his stepbrother, Owen Lars, Anakin's new step family, and forms him that his mother, Shmi has been kidnapped by Tusken Raiders a few weeks earlier. Anakin travels into the wilderness, finds the Tuscan campsite, finds his tortured and injured mother, who eventually dies from her wounds. anakin becomes enraged and kills all the Tusken Raiders at the camp, including their children. Anakin then returns to his step family with his mother's body and admits to Padme what he did, and says they will find a way to learn how to prevent death. back on Geonosis, obi-wan discovers the separatists and Count Dooku are behind the assassination attempts on Padme and are now creating a massive battle droid army with the Viceroy Gunray, the leader of the Trade Federation from the first film. obi-wan has his findings related to the Jedi Council and is captured by the separatists. Supreme Chancellor Palpatine of the Galactic Empire is voted emergency powers, which allows him to use the Clone Army to send them into battle against the separatists. Anakin and Padme travel to the Genesis to rescue obi-wan, but are also captured. obi-wan, Anakin and Padme are all sentenced to death in a gladiator or Colosseum fashion. they are rescued, however, by the Jedi Council and the Clone Army, and a battle breaks out between the clones and the droids. Anakin and obi-wan engage Count Dooku in a fight where obi-wan is injured and Anakin loses his right arm. Jedi Master Yoda, one of the oldest members of the Jedi Council, battles Dooku, but Dooku escapes - who flees to Khorasan where he delivers the plans for a super weapon to his SIF master dothe Sidious. Darth Sidious, the same Sith Lord from the first film, confirms that everything is going according to plan. the Jedi announced that this is the beginning of the Clone Wars, and that they will be battling the separatists for a long time to come. Anakin gets a robotic arm and secretly marries Padme on Naboo. ending the film, the film opens with the Galactic Republic and the separatists still at war, with obi-wan and Anakin fighting in a space battle above the planet of Khorasan in a mission to rescue the kidnapped Supreme Chancellor, Palpatine. Palpatine is being held by the separatist commander, General Grievous. the Jedi battle the Sith Count Dooku, and the fight ends with Anakin killing Dooku upon Palpatine's command. General Grievous flees the nearly destroyed ship which the Jedi crash-land on Khorasan. Anakin is then reunited with his wife, Padme, who reveals she is pregnant. Anakin begins to have premonitions about her dying in childbirth, which begins to consume him. Palpatine appoints Anakin to be on the Jedi Council, which is not a normal thing to do, because Palpatine wants Anakin to represent him on the council. the council is not happy about this. and the council urges Anakin to monitor Palpatine, as they feel something is not right about him. Anakin starts to become unsure about the Jedi's faith. and as further pushed as Palpatine tells Anakin about the powers of the dark side, even in preventing death, eventually Palpatine reveals himself as the Sith Lord Darth Sidious, showing that he has been orchestrating the events of the past films and actually directing both sides of the war, being Supreme Chancellor Palpatine, the head of the Galactic Republic, on one side, as well as Darth Sidious, the secret head of the separatists on the other side. Anakin reports us to the Jedi Council and Mace Windu. when the most powerful Jedi begins to battle Palpatine, Palpatine's Force Lightning is backfired upon himself, and he becomes horribly disfigured and is just about to be defeated by mace Windu. Palpatine, though, convinces Anakin that he knows a secret way to save Padme from dying in childbirth. and Anakin kills mace Windu. Anakin pledges himself to Palpatine, and Palpatine dubs Anakin now as Darth Vader. Palpatine issues order 66 to the clone troopers, a secret order to kill all the Jedi, and sends Anakin, now Darth Vader, to the Jedi Temple to kill all of the Jedi there, including very young children. Jedi's, obi-wan and Yoda survived the attack, however, but all other Jedi's are killed. Vader is sent now to kill the remaining leaders of the separatists union on the volcanic planet of mustafar, while Palpatine announces to the Senate that the government will now be reformed into the Galactic Empire, declaring himself Emperor. Yoda and obi-wan discover what Anakin did at the Jedi Temple and are horrified and tell Padme what Anakin did. Padme leaves for Mustafar to confront Anakin, and obi-wan hides aboard the craft. Padme arrives to me Anakin, and obi-wan reveals himself. anakin believes that Padme has betrayed him, so he begins to force choke her. obi-wan Anakin fight, and Anakin is severely maimed and defeated, Anakin becomes significantly burned by a volcanic River, and obi-wan leaves with padm\xc3\xa9. padm\xc3\xa9 gives birth to two twins, Luke and Leia, and dies shortly after. obi-wan and Yoda decide to hide the twins from the Empire, separating them. senator Bail Organa adopts Leia and takes her to the planet of Alderaan. they send Luke to live with his step-uncle, Owen Lars, back on the planet of Tatooine that we saw in the second film, where obi-wan will watch over Luke. Palpatine recovers Anakin and his body's repaired with a cybernetic suit. Palpatine informs Vader of padme's death, which he is devastated by. as the film concludes, we see the Empire is overseeing the construction of the super weapon discussed in the second film, the Death Star. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2018 film solo, a Star Wars story. so let's get started. the film opens with young Han Solo and his love interest Kira, escaping a local gang. they bribe an imperial officer with some stolen Co axiom, a powerful hyperspace fuel, to get off the planet. but Kira is captured. han vows to return for her and joins the Imperial Navy. when asked what his last name is, he responds that he has no family, so he has given the last name of solo. three years later, solo encounters a group of criminals posing as Imperial soldiers, led by Tobias Beckett. han tries to join them, but ends up getting arrested, desertion and thrown into a pit to be fed to a Wookiee named Chewbacca. Han, who can understand Chewbacca, works with the Wookiee to escape. Beckett rescues the pair, wanting to use them to help steal a shipment of Co axiom. the heist is interrupted by a group of pirates called the cloud riders, led by an fists nest, which causes two members of Beckett's crew to die, including his wife, and the co axiom is destroyed. Beckett reveals he was ordered to steal the shipment for dried and Voss, a member of the crimson dawn syndicate, and they still owe on that debt. the gang travels to Voss's ship, where han finds Kira, who now is Voss's right-hand woman. han suggests they steal the unrefined Co axiom from the mines on Kessel. Kira joins the gang and leads them to Lando Calrissian, a smuggler, who she hopes will lend them his ship, the Millennium Falcon. han challenges Lando to a game, and the winner takes land of ship. Lando cheats and wins, but agrees to join in the mission in exchange for some of the profits at the mines. Lando's droid copilot, l3, starts revolt from all the droids that work in the mine. Chewbacca is able to free a group of wookies that are forced to work in the mines. they are able to steal the co axiom, but Lando is wounded and l3 is fatally damaged. l3 is wired into the ship, and Han is able to navigate through the Kessel run in 12 parsecs to avoid the Imperial blockade. the Falcon arrives at the planet Sara Veen to process the unrefined Co axiom and fists in the cloud riders arrived in Lando. flees in the Falcon and Fiss explains that she and her crew are not pirates, but rebels fighting against the Empire. han tries to trick Foss in order to help the rebels, but Voss reveals that Beckett told him everything. a Voss sends his guards to kill the cloud riders, but the guards are defeated, and Voss is defenseless. han tries to take the KO axiom, but Beckett betrays Voss and takes the KO axiom with Chewbacca as a hostage. Kyra kills Voss and then sends Han after Beckett. instead of joining Han, Kyra takes the opportunity to contact the leader of the crimson dawn, Darth Maul, and bosses position. she blames the failure on Beckett and does not mention Hahn in order to protect him. Maul says that he wants to meet with Kiera. Hahn confronts Beckett and shoots him first. Kira leaves with Voss's ship. and Hahn turns the co axiom over to the rebels who offer to have Hahn joined them, which he declines. han and chewbacca locate Lando and challenged him to a rematch, again, wagering the Falcon. Hahn wins, this time, also by cheating, and han and chewie both leave for tatoo II to begin working for Jabba the Hutt. as the film ends, research scientists, gallon or so and his family are hiding on the planet lamu, Imperial weapons developer Orson cranek arrives to press him into completing the Death Star, a space station based super weapon capable of destroying planets. Galan's wife, Lyra, is killed, but her daughter, Jenna, escapes, and it's taken safely by rebel extremists augur era. 15 years later, cargo pilot Bodie rook defects from the Empire, taking a holographic message recorded by Galan to Guerrera on the desert moon. jetta, rebel intelligence officer casseon and/or fries jinn from the Imperial labour camp before bringing her to the rebel leader of Mon Mothma, who convinces her to find and rescue Galen so that the Alliance can learn more about the deaths are. however, casseon is covertly ordered to kill Galen rather than extract him. Jin casseon and a reprogram droid k2 so2 Jetta, where the Empire's removing Kyber crystals to power the Death Star, and Guerrera and his group are fighting back with the aid of turret Emily and Bay's Melba's. Jin makes contact with Guerrera, who has been holding rook captive. Guerrera shows her the message in which Galan reveals that he has built an intentional vulnerability in the Death Star, and directs them to retrieve the schematics from an imperial data bank on the planets careth. on the Death Star, chronic orders a low-powered test shot, which destroys Jettas capital. jin and her group take rook and flee, but guerrero remains to die with the city. grand moff tarkin congratulate scren ik, but uses rooks defection and security week as a pretext to take control of the project. rook leads the group to Galen's imperial research facility on the planet Yahoo, where Cassie and chooses to not kill Galen. Rowell bombers attack the facility, and Galen dies in his daughter's arms before she escapes with the group. cranek is summoned by Darth Vader to answer for the attack on Yahoo. chronic seeks Vader's support for an audience with the Emperor, but Vader and said orders him to ensure that no further breaches occur. jin proposes a plan to steal the Death Star schematics using the rebel fleet, but fails to get approval from the Alliance Council, who feel victory against the Empire is now impossible. frustrated with their inaction, Jin's group lead a small squad of rebel volunteers to raid the data banks themselves, arriving at scare F on the stolen Imperial ship, dubbed rogue one, Jin and cassia and to the base with k2s oh, while the other rebels attack the resident Imperial garrison as a distraction. the rebel fleet learns about the raid from an intercepted communication, and they deploy support. k2s o sacrifices himself so jin and kassian can retrieve the data. turret is killed after activating the master switch to allow communications with the rebel fleet, and mal bus dies shortly afterwards. rook is also killed by a grenade after informing the rebel fleet that it must deactivate the shield surrounding the planet in order to allow the transmission of the schematic ginning casseon obtained the schematics, but they are ambushed by cranek, who is eventually shot by Kassadin. Jin transmits the schematics to the rebel command ship. however, the Death Star enters the orbit above Scarah, where Tarkin uses another low powered shot to destroy the compromised base. kilink Renick, casseon and jin. the rebel fleet prepares for jump into hyperspace, but many of the fleet ships are intercepted by Vader's flagship. Vader boards the rebel command ship and attempts to regain the schematics, killing many. but a small starship escapes with the schematics on board. aboard the fleeing ship, Princess Leia declares that the schematics will provide hope the rebellion, leading directly into Episode four, a new hope. the film takes place 20 years after the events of episode 3, with a Galactic Empire ruling most of the galaxy. the Rebel Alliance is at civil war with the Empire, having stolen plans for the Empire's super weapon and Space Station the Death Star. Princess Leia, one of the leaders of the rebels, has the plans with her. when her ship is boarded by Imperial forces led by Darth Vader. Leia is able to hide the plans in the Droid r2d2, and sends r2d2 and c3po to the desert planet of Tatooine to meet with obi-wan Kenobi. Leia is then captured by Vader and taken into his custody. the droids are captured by jalwa traders who sell the droids to Owen Lars and his nephew, Luke Skywalker. Luke inadvertently triggers a recording from Princess Leia pleading for the help of obi-wan Kenobi. Luke wonders that the recording is referring to Ben Kenobi, a hermit who lives nearby. the next morning, Luke discovers that r2d2 and c3po have left and search for obi-wan. we're all three meet up with Ben Kenobi. Ben reveals that he is actually Obi one. and Obi one tells Luke of his days of being a Jedi, explaining what the Jedi are and the powers that they have through the force. obi-wan tells Luke that he actually used to fight alongside his father, Anakin Skywalker, before he was betrayed and murdered by Darth Vader, a former pupil of Obi Wan who turned to the dark side. if you watched my previous summaries, you might realize that this isn't exactly the truth. Obi one gives Luke his father's lightsaber as well. they view a Leia's message begging obi-wan to take the Death Star plans to Alderaan and give them to her father for analysis. obi-wan invites Luke to join him and become a student of the force. at first Luke is unsure, but he discovers that stormtroopers, soldiers of the Empire, have killed his aunt and uncle in search of the droids that they had purchased. Luke and the droids go with obi-wan. and they traveled to moss eisely to hire a pilot. they find a smuggler, han Solo and his first mate, Chewbacca, a Wookiee. and they hire them as transport to Alderaan and aboard their ship of millennium falcon in an effort to get information at a princess lay about the rebels and the plans that they had stolen. they threaten Lea's home planet of alderaan. late is not given, however, and they use the true power of the Death Star, which has the ability to destroy entire planets, by blowing up Alderaan. so when the Millennium Falcon arrives where Alderaan should be, there's nothing but debris. the Death Star uses their tractor beam in order to pull in the Millennium Falcon. once aboard, obi-wan is able to disable the tractor beam so that they're able to escape. and Luke and Han go and rescue Leia. they all make their way back to the Millennium Falcon, where they encounter Darth Vader. Vader and obi-wan fight, and obi-wan is struck down. the Millennium Falcon escapes. but little do they know, the Empire installed a tracking device. the Falcon travels to Gavin for to the rebels hidden base, in order to analyze the Death Star's plans. they determined that the exhaust port that connects to the main reactor to be the Death Star's weak point. the Empire has identified Gavin four as the rebels base, and they moved the Death Star into position to destroy the planet. Luke joins the rebel assault group, but Han decides to take his payment for transport and leave. the rebels try to attack the Death Star, trying to destroy before it's able to destroy the rebels home planet, the rub will suffer heavy losses. and Darth Vader joins into the space battle with Luke's x-wing right in his sights. the Death Star is nearly prepared to destroy Yavin 4, and Vader is hot on Luke's tail, and all hope seems to be lost. but at the last moment, han returns and fires on Luke's attackers, sending vader spiraling out of control. Luke uses some spiritual guidance from Obi one, telling him to use the force to guide his shot. and Luke is successful, destroying the Death Star, and the rebels have won. the film concludes in a very similar way to Episode one, with a large celebration for the rebels victory. the film takes place three years following the destruction of the Death Star. the rebels have moved their base to the ice planet of Hoth, the Empire dispatches probe droids all throughout the galaxy, hunting for the rebels new base. and one does actually land on ha Luke, believing that the probe is a meteor, goes to investigate and is captured by a creature called a Wamba. he is able to escape, but the bitter cold ends up putting him in a state of hypothermia. Luke has a vision of obi-wan telling him of the system of Dagobah and to go there to train with Jedi Master Yoda. Luke is found in the tundra by Han Solo, who takes him back to the rebel base to recover. han and Chewbacca later discovered that the meteor was actually a probe droid, which had alerted the Imperial fleet at the rebels location. the Empire launches a massive attack using gigantic 8080 Walker's in order to capture the rebel base. the rebels are overwhelmed and must flee. han, Chewbacca, Leia and c3po all leave in the Millennium Falcon, but their hyperdrive fails, so they have to hide in an asteroid field. bounty hunters are sent out by Darth Vader, including Boba Fett in order to track down the Millennium Falcon. they're able to avoid the bounty hunters and the Imperial fleet and traveled to Cloud City, a floating city on the planet of Bespin, where Hans old friend, Lando Calrissian lives and runs. the Millennium Falcon, however, has been tracked and the Empire has taken over Cloud City before the Falcon has even arrived. Lando leads the group into a trap, and they are captured by Darth Vader. Vader plans to use the group to lure out Luke in order to present Luke to Vader's master, the Emperor. Vader also freezes Han Solo in carbonite, and Boba Fett takes the frozen Han to claim the bounty placed by Jabba the Hutt. Leia is also placed under the custody of the Empire. meanwhile, Luke and r2d2 travel to the planet of Dagobah raluca meets Yoda. at first, Luke believes Yoda to be a crazy old hermit. but Luke follows through with Yoda's training, learning more about the force and the ways of the Jedi. while Luke is training, he has visions of han and Leia being in danger. and leaves Yoda's training to help them, even though Yoda warns that he is not ready to face Vader. Luke arrives at Cloud City and falls right into Vader's trap. Luke and Vader begin to battle, and they're led into a large air shaft. Vader proves himself to be more skilled than Luke, invaders severs Luke's causing him to lose both his hand and his father's lightsaber. Vader offers to Luke to come join the dark side on the Empire, which Luke refuses as believing Vader had killed his father. this is when Vader reveals to Luke that he did not kill his father, that Vader, in fact, is actually Luke's father. unwilling to believe this, Luke throws himself down the air shaft. while this is all going on, Lando, who is forced to help the Empire, has broken Leia and the others free. they tried to stop over Fett from leaving with the frozen han Solo, but they are unsuccessful. Lando and the others take the Millennium Falcon, planning to escape the planet. Leia, however, has her own premonition of Luke being in trouble, and they find him at the bottom of the air shaft. they rescue Luke and flee the planet. as the film concludes, we see Luke has been fitted with a robotic hand, while Lando and Chewbacca leave to go after the frozen han Solo, flying off in the Millennium Falcon. the film opens with Luke Skywalker trying to rescue the frozen han Solo from the crime lord Jabba the Hutt, along with the help of Chewbacca, Princess Leia, r2d2 c-3po and Lando Calrissian. Leia infiltrates the palace disguised as a bounty hunter, presenting Chewbacca to claimed the bounty on his head. Lee is able to unfought on what Leia is discovered and enslaved. donning the famous slave outfit, Luke arrives to try to barter for solo, but falls into a trap and battles a large beast known as a rancor, which he is able to kill. Han Solo is sentenced to death by being thrown into a pit with a large monster known as a Sarlacc. Luke is able to free himself and the others, and a big battle breaks out aboard the ship. Leia is able to strangle Jabba and kill him. Boba Fett, the Bounty Hunter who initially delivered solo to Jabba, is thrown into the Sarlacc pit. they all escaped and returned back to the Rebel Alliance. Luke returns to the swamp planet of Dagobah to find Yoda is dying. before he dies, Yoda confirms that Darth Vader is really Anakin Skywalker, Luke's father, and also tells Luke of another Skywalker, the spirit of obi-wan. confirms that Leia is really Luke's twin sister, and tells Luke that he must fight Darth Vader to defeat the Empire. the rebels have discovered that the Empire has been constructing a new Death Star, with Emperor Palpatine supervising the construction himself. the incomplete station is being protected by an energy shield that is being generated by the forest moon of Endor. if the rebels are able to destroy the shield generator, this will leave the new Death Star vulnerable, and they can destroy it before it's completed. so the rebels land on Endor in order to attack the shield generator. through a series of events, the rebels befriend the moon's native population, a tribe of small, furry aliens known as a walks. Luke reveals to Leia that he is her brother and that Vader is their father. and Luke tells her that he must confront Vader. Luke surrenders himself to the Empire, where Vader once again tries to sway Luke to the dark side. Vader brings Luke before the Emperor, aboard the Death Star in an attempt to convince him to join the dark side. the emperor reveals that the Death Star is actually fully operational and that everything has been a trap for the rebel fleet, planning on using the Death Star to destroy the rebel fleet. so when the rebel fleet arrives, they find that the shield generator is still up, and they begin to take massive casualties as the Death Star attacks. Luke and Vader battle with the Emperor, encouraging Luke to get more and more angry, trying to push him into the ways the dark side. Vader senses that Luke has a sister, which who is previously unaware of. and Vader says that he might possibly try to sway her to the dark side. this enrages Luke, and Luke severs Vader's own robotic hand, much like Vader severed Luke's hand in the previous film. the Emperor further eggs on Luke, telling him to kill Vader and take his place. Luke refuses, declaring himself a Jedi like his father had once been. the Emperor becomes furious with this and begins to torture Luke, using Force Lightning to nearly kill him. Vader then kills the Emperor, but Vader becomes mortally wounded in the process. Luke removes his father's mask, and Vader dies in his arms. back on Endor, the rebels and the Ewoks eventually are able to successfully destroy the shield generator. the rebels, led by Lando, are able to attack the now expose Death Star. Luke is able to escape the Death Star as it is falling apart, and brings his father's body with him. back on the planet of Endor, Luke cremates Vader's body. Leia and Han kiss and the rebels celebrate the victory over the Empire. the film ends with the spirits of obi-wan Yoda and the redeemed Anakin Skywalker watching over the festivities. set 30 years after the Return of the Jedi, we see a new regime in the first order that has replaced the Empire and that wants to eliminate the New Republic. the resistance, which is supported by the New Republic and led by general Leia Organa, opposes the first order. they also continue to search for Leia's brother, Luke Skywalker, who hasn't been seen for several years on the planet jakku. resistance pilot poe obtains a map of luke's location. poe gives the map that whose droid bb-8, just before he is captured by stormtroopers led by kylo. ren. bb-8 escapes with the map and meets a scavenger named ray. kylo tortures poe and learns of the maps location. a stormtrooper named Finn, aboard the same ship, decides to defect, breaks poe free, stealing a TIE fighter and crash-landing it back on jakku. finn survives, though it seems as though that poe did not make it. finn encounters rey and bb-8, but they are attacked by the first order, and the three flee into an old junker ship, which turns out to be the Millennium Falcon, the ship of han Solo. they encounter a much larger ship, which coincidentally is being piloted by Han Solo and Chewbacca. Han ship is boarded by some gang members looking to collect their debts, and Han, Chewbacca, rey finn and bb-8 all escape on the Falcon. the gang informs the first order that the bb-8 droid they're looking for is aboard the Millennium Falcon. the Falcon crew determines that bb-8 SMAP is incomplete, and Han explains that Luke was trying to rebuild the Jedi Order, but exiled himself after one of his apprentices, kylo Ren, turned to the dark side and destroyed the temple and slaughter all the other apprentice. they travel to the planet takodana and meet with a wise woman they mask, who offers to get the bb-8 to the resistance. rey is drawn to a vault in the lower level and finds the lightsaber that once belonged to both Luke and his father, Anakin Skywalker. she has disturbing visions and flees into the woods. Maz decides to give finn the lightsaber for safekeeping. we also see the first-order Starkiller base, a planet converted into a super weapon, which is capable of destroying multiple planets at once using energy drained from stars, which is commanded by general Hux we also see kylo ren's master, the leader of the first order, supreme leader, Snoke. little is known about him, however, Snoke questions kylos ability to deal with his emotions, especially related to his father, who was han Solo. kylos true name is Ben solo, with his mother being lay out the first order. then leads an attack on takodana, once again, to get the map from bb-8. the Falcon crew are saved by resistance fighters, led by Poe, who actually did not die earlier in the crash. Leia arrives along with c-3po, who unites with Han Solo and Chewbacca. Rey, however, is captured by kylo, and she is brought to the Starkiller base. he tries to interrogate her using the force. Barea is able to resist him, and Ray can actually read his mind, finding kylos and security's rey also were later uses the force to trigger guard in order to escape at the resistance base. bb-8 finds r2d2, who has remained inactive since Luke's disappearance. the Starkiller base prepares to fire on the resistance base. while the resistance comes up with a plan to destroy the super weapon, Leia begs Han to return with her son alive. using the Falcon, Han, Chewbacca and Finn infiltrate the facility and find Rey and plant explosives. han confronts his son, calling him by his given name of Ben, and begs him to abandon the dark side. kylo, however, refuses and kills his father. Chewbacca shoots kylo and injures him, and says self, explosives along the resistance to destroy the Starkiller base. a lightsaber battle breaks out between the injured kylo and finn, but finn is badly wounded. Rey takes up the lightsaber and is able to defeat kylo, but they are separated when the super weapon planet begins to fall apart. snow quarters Kyllo to return to him to complete his training. Rae. Chewbacca and Finn escape as the super weapon converts into a new star due to the energy it absorbed back at the resistance base. they celebrate their victory as well as mourn the death of Han. r2d2 awakens and is able to reveal the rest of the map, allowing Rey to travel to okto an oceanic planet. there, she finds Luke and presents him with his lightsaber. as the film ends. film picks up after Episode seven with the destruction the Starkiller base. general Leia leads the resistance fleet while the first-order pursuits. poe dameron leads a counter-attack, but a lot of lives are lost, and the resistance escapes in the hyperspace. however, they find that the first order is successfully able to track them. kylo Ren and other Thai fighters attack, lay his ship, and Leia nearly dies, but uses the force to bring herself back to safety. Leia is left incapacitating, and vice-admiral halt dough takes control of the fleet, feeling hold o strategy is too passive. poe, finn bb-8 and a Kanak named rose embark on a secret mission to disable the first orders tracking device. meanwhile, rey arrives on the planet octo with Chewbacca and r2d2 aboard the Millennium Falcon, reuniting with Luke Skywalker. Skywalker has become disillusioned with the Jedi way after his failed trainings with kylo Ren. he refuses to help ray of first, but eventually gives it. while on the island, Rey has visions in where she can communicate with kylo Ren. through her visions and talking to Luke, it is revealed that Luke nearly killed Kyle Owen and sleep because of the darkness that was growing with, but changed his mind, only for kylo to awaken and then destroy the Jedi Order. Raven, convinced that kylo can be redeemed, and leaves without wit. Yoda appears to Luke, telling him that raid has all that she needs to learn and encourages Luke to learn from his failures. Finn rose and bb-8 travel to the canto byte casino and to meet up with a hacker named DJ. the four are able to infiltrate snoke's ship, but are captured by Captain phasma. at the same time, Raylan's aboard Snoke ship to confront kylo. she has brought before snow, who reveals that he is behind the visions that Ray and kylo have been having which allowed them to communicate as a plan to destroy Luke. kylo instead, turns and kills Snoke. and Rey and kylo defeat the guards. raehwan's kylo to turn to the light side, but kylo invites raid to rule the galaxy with them. she refuses, and they end up splitting anakin skywalker's lightsaber in half. meanwhile, back with the ship's hull, doe reveals her plan is to discreetly evacuate the remaining resistance members using small transport ships. poe, believing that this is a cowardly action, leads a mutiny. leia wakes up who knocks poe out, allowing the evacuation to begin. all those days aboard the ship to mislead the first order, while the others escape the ship to a small base on crate. however, the hacker, DJ betrays the group and reveals the resistance plan to the first order, and they begin to attack the transport ships. hold o then sacrifices herself by ramming the resistance ship into snoke's ship at Lightspeed. in the chaos, Rey escapes, kylo declares himself the new supreme leader. bb-8, freeze finn and rose, and they all together defeat phasma and escape to Crais. the first order arrives on crate to wipe out the few remaining resistance members, primarily using a large cannon in thai fighters. rey and Chewbacca draw the fire from the TIE fighters, while finn attempts a suicide run against the cannon, but is stopped by rose. as the cannon destroys. the one blast or protecting the resistance, Luke Skywalker emerges from the destroyed door, and after having every gun fired at Luke and he still stands, a lightsaber battle breaks out between him and kylo. Luke is struck, but there is no effect, only for kylo to realize that he has been fighting a force projection, and Luke is actually back on the planet akuto. this distraction gave the resistance members enough time to escape out a back passage and board the Millennium Falcon. Luke, exhausted from the massive amount of force use, becomes one with the force and dies ray and Leia sends the death and Leia tells the rebels that the resistance has all they need to rise again. as the film concludes, we see one of the children at Kanto bite using the force, gazing into space, possibly meaning he is a future member of the resistance. so that was the spoilers for all the Star Wars movies leading up to episode 9. if you have another film you'd like to see a spoil please let us know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 