welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the boys from brazil. [Music]. young, well-intentioned barry kohler, steve guttenberg, stumbles upon a secret organization of third reich war criminals holding clandestine meetings in paraguay, and finds that dr joseph mengele, gregory peck, the infamous auschwitz doctor, is with them. he phones ezra lieberman, lawrence olivier, an aging nazi hunter living in vienna, austria, with this information. a highly skeptical lieberman tries to brush kohler's claims aside, telling him that it is well known that mangalay is living in paraguay, having learned when and where, the next meeting to include mangalay is scheduled to occur. kohler records part of it using a hidden microphone, but is discovered and killed while making another phone call to lieberman. before the phone is hung up, with lieberman on the other end, he hears the recorded voice of mangalay ordering a group of ex-nazis to kill 94 men in nine different countries. these 94 men targeted for assassination by mangalake consist of 16 men in west germany, 14 men in sweden, 13 men in the united kingdom, 12 men in the united states, 10 men in norway, nine men in austria, eight men in the netherlands, six men in denmark and six men in canada. although frail, lieberman follows kohler's leads and begins traveling throughout europe and north america to investigate the suspicious deaths of a number of aging civil servants. he meets several of their widows and is amazed to find an uncanny resemblance in their adopted black-haired, blue-eyed sons. it is also made clear that at the time of their deaths, all the civil servants were aged around 65 and had cold, domineering and abusive attitudes toward their adopted sons, while their wives were around 42 and doted on the suns. lieberman gains insight from frida maloney euda hagan, an incarcerated former nazi concentration camp guard who worked with the adoption agency before realizing during a meeting with professor bruckner bruno ganz, an expert on cloning, the terrible truth behind the nazi plan mangalay, in the 1960s, had secluded several surrogate mothers in a brazilian clinic and implanted them with zygotes, each carrying a sample of adolf hitler's dna, preserved since the second world war. 94 clones of hitler had then been born and sent to different parts of the world for adoption, in the hopes that one or more of the boys will turn out like the original hitler. mangalay has arranged for all of them to be placed with foster parents similar to hitler's own, and is assassinating their foster fathers at the same age at which hitler's own died. as lieberman uncovers more of the plot, mengele's superiors become more unnerved after mangalay happens to meet and then attacks one of the agents he thought was in europe implementing his scheme. mengele's principal contact, eduard sibert, james mason, informs him that the scheme has been aborted to prevent lieberman from exposing it to the authorities. mangalay storms out, pledging that the operation will continue. seibert and his men destroy mengele's jungle estate after killing his guards and servants. mangalay, however, has left, intent on trying to continue his plan. he travels to rural lancaster county, pennsylvania, where one of the hitler clones, bobby wheelock, jeremy black, lives on a farm with his parents. there he murders the boy's father, john denner, a doberman pinscher breeder, and waits for lieberman, who is on his way to the farm to warn mr wheelock of mengele's intention to kill him. the instant lieberman arrives and sees mangalay, he attacks the doctor in a fury. mangalay gains the upper hand and shoots lieberman. he taunts lieberman by explaining his plan to return hitler to the world and that he started the operation in berghoff in 1943. then with one desperate lunge, lieberman opens the cupboard where the dobermans are held and turns them loose. the dogs corner mangalay and attack him. bobby arrives home from school and calls off the dogs and tries to find out what has happened. the injured mangalay, having now encountered one of his clones, for the first time, tells bobby how much he admires him and explains that he is cloned from hitler. bobby doubts his story, suspicious of mangalay because the dogs are trained to attack anyone who threatens his family. lieberman tells bobby that mangalay has killed his father and urges him to notify the police. bobby checks the house and find his father dead in the basement. he rushes back upstairs and sets the vicious dogs on mangalay once again, coldly and violently biting him to death. bobby then helps lieberman, but only after lieberman promises not to tell the police about the incident. later, while recovering from his injuries in a hospital, lieverman is encouraged by david bennett, john rubinstein, an american nazi hunter, to expose mengele's scheme to the world. he asks lieberman to hand over the list, which lieberman had taken from mengele's body while bobby was calling for an ambulance, identifying the names and whereabouts of the other boys from around the world, so that they can be systematically killed before growing up to become bloody tyrants. lieberman objects on the grounds that they are mere children. and he burns the list before anyone can read it. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 