before we begin, let me start by saying that back in the eighties, Hollywood held a meeting to decide the best way to convince people that a war between the United States and the Soviet Union was a bad idea. and I'll be damned if in that meeting, Sylvester Stallone didn't raise his hand and say, are you thinking we could make this movie where our American sights of Russia, and then the Russian kills it, and then the friend of that dead American can go inside the same Russian in Russia a bit of carbon. that's true story. the styles of our movie today, ah, the cast of rocky and rocky to a rocky, three world coincidence, plus some blond people that never smile. blue Oh Stewart begins with our dear old friend, Rocky Balboa, getting back to his old so peaceful life a few years after beating the hell out of mr. T in that last movie that hardly anybody watched. look, his life is perfect. he got a nice car too, money to buy his brother-in-law, Polly, a robot, because Polly ain't got no real friends. and it's celebrating his eighth year anniversary of being married to that lady who gave him his first dog all those years ago. just remember, ladies, the best way to a man's heart is through his Butkus. but I was just, it's Yvonne Drago coming to put you in your Yvonne grave. oh, but Apollo sees that this big, scary hunk of Draco wants to prove his stuff against rocket. so Apollo does the most Apollo thing he can think of and decides to hog all the spotlight by challenging the big, mean, rushing machine to a fight to the death. oh, it's not to the dance. somebody. bathtub drain. go down. here's fight night. and among the only one that feels kind of bad for Drago in this scene. coming from a communist country where they ain't no damn show business or dancing, or half-naked ladies or any colorful presentation of anything. look at the poor bastard sitting there like you don't know what the [ __ ] is going on. you know you come from some higher coach when you don't even feel the urge to dance when you hear James Brown, look this performance. don't surprise rocky. he's been dealing with this type of Apollo since day one. remember the goat on the float? yes, so do i. so the fight starts, and no, I told Ringo that wasn't to the death. I'm kind of surprised this movies already throw the way through. but it's just a big ball of ate his cheese. it ain't hard to cut through. oh, and rocket Bear is Apollo with the boxing champion belt that rocket beat Apollo to get. and I just wanted to mention that just in case you will really determine the cry over this scene. but I just think that's ahead. but you know who is sad? rocky. he's so depressed. and his friend got killed, but he thinks it's a good idea to fight the killer of said friend. he never was too bright. and of course, Moe, women mo problems. Hema girl, ray told you about just women weaken legs and common sense. not that you got any. know, praying might look like brown burger by now. all them blues you two from Apollo, a mr. t you know, them dudes must have been heartless. how could you hit a man as dumb as rocket? that's cruel and unusual punishment. that'd be like shaving your dog just before winner. yeah, I know you shaved a dog's mama. she did pole tanning, dog wearing around the house and a build-a-bear rope trying to stay balm. put back to rocky, who heads to Russia with no woman, no damn brains, and with nothing but memories of Al he and his buddy used to be fat, belong together, except that last really sad memory of how he watched his friend get smited right in front of him. and to add insult to injury, they set the sadness to a techie 80s power ballad. oh yeah, and don't forget, rocky comes equipped with a clean pair of American flag teen boxer shorts. god, I hope they clean, because no doubt that last low from Drago knocked the Hershey bars right out of ball Paulo. when they get there, Paulo's old trainer, Duke tells Rocky, I've raised Apollo. now, I know you're probably gonna die when you [ __ ] that big, blond behemoth, but I just want you to know that Apollo would appreciate you taking a street knock, doctor beaten in his memory. that's some sweet Rocky is touched in that hand. so rocky do some training. then one day she was there in hideous shoes. now, rocket really motivated, because nothing gets the juices flowing and make you really want to beat the tootsie rolls out of another man like love. and Drago uses a bunch of artificial fooey to train his body, while rocket becomes one with Mother Earth's and Mother Russia and the natural things that really make a man strong. this mover has motivated me. ain't going to the gym to workout no more. I'm gonna get fit like a real man by sitting my in the grass. and there's a fight, and it's a love. I skip. and apparently, Rocky's fighting spirit is so strong that he actually get the Russians to cheer for him instead that countrymen, which I'm pretty sure would never happen. but come on, y'all, is the fault damn moving. now, yeah, anybody really think pocket wasn't gonna beat that Russian? but that's not the real point. see, it's about how rocky defeats communism. though some such see Apollo was a symbol of us, a loud and arrogant then Russia deals a blow. but the rocket represents another side of America and goes and shows them how USA stands for us. awesome. and we're expected to believe this is what would really happen, because this is make-believe when you know what's coming. [Music], it was all softie buns of steel, a heart of gold and a brain of mush. but that's why we always cry. we don't because deep down inside, we don't want no fighting. we just want hugs. don't y'all get more hugs? Diane. be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix of meth. you can expect me upload more videos after I recover from my grass. that shouldn't be long, because it Sun seasonably cold down here, and the ground is already freezing. my buns of steel. if you would like to help me with this channel, please consider supporting me on patreon like these fine muffins. warm muffins like warm buns, which mine ain't for movies. explain. for I'm James Rocketdyne. 