welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, and this video, we're going to be breaking down the empire strikes batch. episode a is now out worldwide, and we're officially halfway through the first season, for real this time. now, throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down everything you need to know about the show, it's easter eggs, and our theories on what's coming around the corner. full spoilers ahead. so if you don't want anything ruined, then i recommend that you turn off. now. good soldiers follow orders, and they like and subscribe as they know to stay loyal to heavy spoilers, or else. now, without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into the bad batch. okay. so in the last episode, it was revealed that rex was the contact of the martez sisters, and he rocked up to sid's bar to meet with the batch. what's sid's favorite drink? cider. hey. having that. now, after learning that the clones all still had their chips, he realized that they could turn to the dark side at any second. rex is someone who, in the clone wars, had to bury his brothers after they ended up falling victim to the empirical brainwashing. thus the group set out to bracka a planet that we got to play on in star wars fall in order. here we were introduced to carl kestus, a jedi padawan that managed to survive order 66. the game was about him very much being exposed and the repercussions of it as he tried to become a jedi. he worked for the scrapper guild, who we saw at the end of the episode, spying on the batch. now, amongst the old ships, rex found a medical bay. but rekka ended up going evil, just like someone who makes 50 videos a week about how kathleen kennedy has been fired because they didn't like the last jedi. the match managed to stop him and remove his chip. and one by one, they had them taken out, leaving scars similar to the one that rex has on his head. the episode ended with rex leaving, and we do know from rebels that he ended up retiring with a character named gregor. i've always wondered if that's a nod to you and mcgregor, but never mind. now we pick up with the empire closing in, and they're rushing to the area, like anakin would have if he'd been told there's a second hand sale at the darth maul. get it, because he got a second hand and darth maul like maul. now, episode 8 is titled reunion. and it feels like so long since we've last seen cross hair that i was actually happy to see him back, even if he's now a brainwashed psychopath, worst things have happened at my high school ones, to be fair. now we pick up on camino and watch as admiral rampart instructs the prime minister that he has to be informed of any and all dealings on the planet. this shows that the empire are now truly running the show. and they went from customers to the currents that think they run the business and that everything should cater to them. turns out the scrapper guild signal has made its way to crosshair. and though lamazoo wants them brought in alive because the clones are going to be decommissioned, rampart wants them tomorrow. needed. now come back to braca. and i forgot to point out last week that amongst the junkyard, you can make out a hammerhead corvette. if you cast your mind back to rogue one, then you'll remember that this was used to push a star destroyer, and it's one of the best new ships in star wars lore. we catch rekka teaching omega some valuable life lessons, like how to dismantle a thermal explosive. turns out there's tons of them buried in the scrapyard, and if you trigger one, then you need to know how to take it apart. gee, i wonder if that might come up in the future. now, omega accidentally triggers it, but it turns out that wrecker was just using a smoke version. nice that he's gone from almost murdering her last week and now just pretending to do it. now we see this scrapper guild still stalking them, but the batch quickly become aware that they've been spied upon, and they end up taking them down. it was good to see more of the helmet designs that we witnessed in fallen order. and i would have loved it if cal had shown up, but he was only a kid at the time, so it probably took him a while to reach the planet. now, what do you call it when a delivery driver drops your parcel you fall in order. it's the way i tell them. now, one of the guild takes a tippy tumble over the cliff. it was kind of good that we didn't get a wilhelm scream. however, it's not all bad news. and the batch realized that, because the dying noga has kept the scrappers away, that the ship they're on hasn't been ransacked. in case you missed our last video, dying ogres tend to live in sewage systems on ships. and these giant tentacle monsters were used in both the death star trash compactor and as a boss in shadows of the empire. this also explains why the medical bay was still in working order, as that would have been taken apart if the beast wasn't there. the ship has enough on it to completely clear the debt with sid. but if it was me yet, i'd just take my ship, say i'm doing a mission, and then not go back. who needs her? now, echo says that they should have left with rex. and clearly, hunter wrestles back and forth with this. if you're against the empire, then the rebels is pretty much the only possible path you can take. and who knows we may end with the group going off to join them. on the ship, they find several thermal explosives and all the weapons they'd need to fight off any potential imperials. amongst these are proton torpedoes, which you may know as being what luke fired at the death star to destroy it. if you've ever played a star wars game, then you've probably used them at some point. and omega ends up going to the bridge. tech describes the wall in a very binary way that just involved an objective. and it does sort of show the limited perspective that the grunts have. though the batch worse like deviants and variations, they were still raised as soldiers that wouldn't question orders. and it shows that omega has far more of a scope when it comes to understanding nuances. nowhere is this hammered home more than when we go back to kamino to learn that the reason the camera owens wanted the batch brought in was because of her. we've long been theorizing that, because of her name, she is the end game of clone production. alpha means beginning, whereas omega means the end. and it would make sense that the cameron owens ultimate goal would be to manufacture force sensitive beings. as we predicted, it was indeed them that had been hiring the bounty hunters to get her too. and it becomes clear she's far more important than any other clone. crosshair arrives, and we see that he's still with the es team that he's no doubt been training. crosshair is now a commander. and after realizing that they're being jammed, they start to stalk the area. because the bad batch have been part of their ranks before, they know the kind of sweeping search they'll carry out. and they successfully evade the troopers for some time after hacking their comms. however, it's a trap, and crosshair, being part of their ranks, knows the strategies that they'll take. i love how this know thy enemy theme works on both sides. and it's clear that crosshair is off the deep end when he says them kids, tech activates the them kids. tech activates the cannons to send the squad flying back. and we get our best action scene in the series so far with omega using her bow to show how far she's came. the group come face to face with the flame trooper, which i believe was first shown in the force awakens before they were retroactively put into other properties like the mandalorian and fallen order. now, what do you call it when when the postman drops your order? hey, you're for you're falling order. now, the batch sneaks through the ion engine, but crosshair preempts it and sits with his sniper waiting for them to come. unfortunately, tech restoring the power means that the engine can be activated. but the batch managed to outsmart the empire by using charges to break the engine cylinder away. crosshair is badly injured during this, and it might be possible that he's taken to the medical bay, which is where he discovers the thing about his chip was true. knowing crosshair, he might actually get it deactivated at this point and be amongst the empire's ranks when he finally gets back his free will. this would mean that he's a mole inside their organization. and i think it would be great if he came to this realization in the next episode. they clearly left him badly injured for some reason, and there's a medical bay right next to where he is, so that just makes the most sense to me. when we're talking about what could happen next time. the batch arrive at the ship to find that all the clone troopers there have been shot. and we see that this is being carried out by one of my favorite star wars characters, cad bane. bane is a duros bounty hunter who took on the mantle of the galaxy's best after the death of jango fett. bane was adept at fighting jedi, and he went toe-to-toe with some of the best and held his own. his design was clearly influenced by cowboys. and i love the standoff that he and hunter have. he's had a really long and rich history throughout a lot of star wars properties, and he instantly changes the dynamics of the show. now, interestingly, he does say that he can't say who he's been hired by. so it looks like the show is trying to make us think that others could indeed be pulling the strings. actually, quite like ryan aries theory that boba fett is running a bounty hunter network, and that the cameron owens gave the job to him, and then he passed it out to his underlings. bubba, or rather boba, i grew up saying boba. yeah. so i just naturally say boba, of course, spent a lot of his childhood with them, growing up, so it does make sense that they'd have a way to contact him. he also, of course, was allies with fennec shand, and if the pair worked together in the past, it would make sense why she was so loyal to him in the mandalorian. anyway, bane manages to shoot first, and he then stuns omega. though it seems like hunter could be dead, his armor protects him, and we get an awesome first person scene of him being rescued and taken on board the ship as the clones close in. it's a gut-wrenching empire strikes back-esque ending for the episode. and it becomes clear that in the next entry, they'll have to track down cad and stop him before he reaches kamino, or potentially someone else. they too have the empire after them, meaning that the stakes have never been higher. and i can't wait to see what happens next time. now, as for my thoughts on how the show is going, i really love how everything is fully starting to ramp up. i very much felt that the first part of the season was a bit slow, especially after that pilot, but everything is starting to fall in place. and instead of just seeing the batch constantly on the run, they're now having to fight back. it was always gonna come to this. and the imperials are, of course, attempting to strip the galaxy of as much free will as possible so that they can control the population. the bad batch are basically a representation of people that have broken free of conformity. and removing their chips was sort of the last straw that meant they were no longer going to be under the control of the empire ever again. thus the only thing that the show could do, metaphorically, was stamp them down. and i think there's been some great conflict as we went towards this episode. it didn't disappoint. and every entry feels better than the last. i'm really, really on board with it, and i'm looking forward to the next eight weeks of covering this show. i was finding fun with it early on, but then sort of got to the point where i didn't feel it was knocking out of the park. however, now i think they've found their groove and are delivering great episode after great episode. i'd obviously love to hear your thoughts on this episode and the show as a whole. so make sure you comment below and let me know. as a thank you for commenting on the video, you'll be entered into a prize through on the 30th of june, in which we're giving away three copies of the phase three mcu box set. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter at heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of loki episode 2, which will be linked on screen right now. we've gone over the entire thing from top to bottom, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. without the way, thank you for sitting through the video. i've been paul, and the force will be with you always. take care. peace. 