seeing is a master selling kung fu, whose goal in life is to promote spiritual and practical benefits of the art to mandarin society. experiment with various methods, but non-bear positive results. he then meets golden-like fung, a legendary hong kong soccer star in this day, who is now working with a limb following the betrayal of a former teammate, now a rich businessman. singh explains his desire to fool with over his surface, to cut sing in soccer. he unleashed his former showing brothers to form a team under film management. xin and fung attempt to put together an unbeatable soccer team. fung invites a physicist team to play against them, and the talks proceed to give the solid dream a brutal beating. when all sim lost, the soul in disciples reawaken and utilize their special powers, dismantling the other team rough play easily. the thugs then given up and asked to join singh's team. singh meets me, a baker with several acne who use tai chi to bake manzo and even texture to look at very expensive dresses. at the high hand department store after hours. she soon formed an attachment to sing and even get a makeover and attempt to impress him. however, this backfires when when me reveals her feelings to him, he tells her the only he wants to be her friends. this relation coupled with the constant bullying from her overhearing boss, let's do me disappear. tim shaolin, interesting competition in hong kong, where they chalk up successive and often ridiculous one-sided fixeries. they end up meeting with team evil in the final, owned by none other than hung team evil had been injected with an american rock, granting them superhuman threatening and speed, making them practically invincible. and they bring team celine back to reality when team evil's amazing capabilities prove more than a match for them. after team evil check out, team selling goalkeeper, me, who has have her hair and improve her face, reappears to keep going for team saul win. in their final attack, team evils striker leaps into the sky and kicks the ball to with anomalous force, towards me, who prevents him from scoring with her martial arts. me and singh combine their martial skill and rocket the ball. dawn. feel the ball blow through team evil goal pause, thereby scoring the winning goal. seeing is then thrown into the air in celebration as the trophy is presented to him and his team. a newspaper article then show hung being stripped of his title of soccer chairman and sent to jail for five years, while team evil players are permanently brand from playing soccer professionally. sing goes out for a morning walk and feels happy to see people practicing kung fu. the camera pants to a poster of sing and me, who have since married and become famous for winning a world championship in bowling. 