and there we sell to port victoria and then on to colombo, new guinea in australia. yes, to open the olympics five months thank you before for doing the tour. [Applause]. you're as excited as i was when phillipoff in this job. you thought it would be good for good for all of us. i didn't expect the job to become your life. nasa's rag tag collection part-time pilots have somehow managed to retain control. they've been held by the russians. we must attack. we have no alternative. we must attack swiftly and decisively. israeli army launched an attack into egyptian territory the sinai peninsula, and is rapidly approaching the suez canal. the egyptian army has mobilized a retaliatory force and is about to engage. and the next step, in your view, would be war, indeed, coordinated offensive against egypt, whereby the israeli army would attack the egyptian army near the suez canal, thus allowing the intervention of anglo-french forces. the right thing to do is to go in now, and to go in hard. i was right about mussolini. i was right about hitler, and i am right about this. fella. do i have your support? the prime minister always has the sovereign's support adventures. i sense this will be a momentous and eventful tour, indeed. ever, your fellow member, mike, as a result, our prime minister has had no option but to declare an immediate ceasefire and retreat without taking back the serious canal. i'd like to separate from my husband, better still, divorce. we're going to need one of the big three, adultery, unreasonable behavior or insanity. i'm quite sure there has been adultery. i have the greatest sympathy for your condition, prime minister, and i fully understand the need for rest. the country will be in safe hands. mr butler will take charge in my absence. mrs parker is seeking a divorce? yes. pacific mention was made of a lunch club where lieutenant commander parker and the duke of edinburgh, don't tell me, frequent guests, actually, founder members. may i ask you about your education? from a young age, you were effectively orphaned. your favorite sister, cecile, also a nazi, died in a plane crash. i really think we should move on. what kind of impact does that have on a man? i think people have a right to know about their leaders, don't you? if mrs parker succeeds in getting her divorce, the newspapers would make a not unreasonable assumption that anything that lieutenant commander parker has done, the duke of edinburgh has done too. have we encountered such beautiful women? [Applause]. that is your husband's handwriting, isn't it? i uh. i went away to concentrate on my health and now fully fit to resume my duties. in all these months we have been a united government. the war you insisted on has left us as divided as caesar and pompey. in the country in chaos. you were for the war only as long as it was legal. liar. there's no justice in politics. now she has ridden to the palace. you have noticed her intention to sue me. footballs to offer you my resignation. i gather soundings have been taken and that you have been chosen by your colleagues as the man most able to unite the government and lead this country. following stanton's resignation, you'll have my resignation. first thing, you'll need it now. i hereby offer my resignation as principal private secretary. did to do that? effective immediately? it's been agreed that i managed to do a flight to lisbon a day ahead of schedule. as i see it, instructions. instructions are to meet her at the airfield. i've been quite specific for how the reunion has to be managed. now, the eyes of the world, i've learned more about humiliation in the past few weeks than i hoped i would in a lifetime. our marriage is different to any other in the country because the exit route, which is open to everyone else, a divorce, it's not an option for us ever. so what would make it easier on you to be in? to make it work, to make it bearable, i'll need the respect and acknowledgement of the dreaded mustaches, an end to their snobbery and prejudice. no more being sniffed after being a foreigner with a background nobody understands. i will earn their respect with the only thing those creatures understand, a gesture, a statement, something irrefutable that shuts them up and commands their respect. five most important things i need to know about that man. one is welsh. and he had, he has a passion for inventing things, and he would never dream of being anything as straightforward as simply queer. liked him. there's a contempt in him for me, for us, for everything we represent. someone i would like you to send it to. can i give an address? [Music]. it's concerning the speech the queen is due to give next week. you don't think it strikes the wrong tone in its uh, paternalism? the tone of the speech is somewhat old-fashioned, and that even when your life seems most monotonous, what you do is always of real value and importance. i was horrified by the indifference and inertia with which the speech was greeted. being ordinary doesn't have to mean bland or ineffectual. your majesty, very much. looking forward to hearing what it is we must do in order to survive. open up. know the drawbridge. let people get to know televise christmas speech. become more transparent. let normal people get to know you, too. happy christmas. [Music]. i have just returned from a year abroad around the world. a young woman named marie luz accompanied me on this trip, i have decided to ask her to marry me. we're going to have to delay it because of the baby i'm expecting. since when 14 weeks until the sovereign's child is born, no other family announcements can be missed. he is currently conducting no fewer than three other intimate relationships. the most gracious sovereign, lady queen elizabeth, thank you. you thought of a name. we've decided to call him andrew. hello. let's do this. let's make it bigger than our sisters are now threatening to publish. and what exactly is in these papers, letters and telegrams detailing your relationship with nazi high command says that in return for your support, the german government offered you a home in spain where you could wait out the rest of the war in peace. as king, i was committed to the idea, passionately committed, that england and germany should never be enemies again. after the horrors, tired of being disrespected and abused by the corrupt and imperial powers of the past, new alliance and are willing to treat us as equals, not a slaves. majesty, mrs kennedy, good evening, your royal majesty. but in our head of state, we had a middle-aged woman so in curious, unintelligent and unremarkable. your majesty. ghana welcomes you. i'm afraid you've been used. now, i just wanted to thank you. that's all. you've been instrumental in changing a significant matter of foreign policy. and an african state that was fast running into the arms of the communists has been turned around and kept in the west. you said about her at a dinner in london, which then got back to queen elizabeth, and it seemed spurred her on. [Music]. without those insults, she wouldn't have defied a cabinet, risked her reputation and gone to ghana against all advice to bring president and kruma back on side. but i asked to speak to you in private ahead of our lunch on friday because i owe you an apology. life i made some comments, some foolish comments, but jack didn't appreciate being upstaged behind closed doors. dr jacobson routinely administers us his cocktails before major trips. tell you how much distress it's caused me. the idea that i might have upset someone i admire so much. [Music], she's still wearing the same clothes. it's covered in her husband's blood drugs. have a full week of court morning. [Music], and i would like the bell rung at westminster abbey. did you have relations with this man? john profumo, minister of war who's confirmed everything, introducing perfume to the cool girls. russian spy, everything done by mr ward himself. joy behind. steve edinburgh also have witnesses who saw his royal highness arriving at ward's house on several occasions. how are you, prime minister? all the better for no longer being one. i'm afraid my decision to resign is final. islands. if you have a charge to make, come on, be a grown-up. make it. while searching his home, detectives found a portrait painted by him of you and the mystery man in the newspapers. that isn't you. don't be ridiculous. i am. i'm yours in and not because you've given me a title, because you've come to an agreement in the name of the father, because i want to be and of the son you 