Jack Ryan is an Amazon Prime original series starring John Krasinski, based on the works of Tom Clancy. the show tackles issues such as terrorism, foreign policy, biological warfare and more. throughout this video, I will be discussing the first season of the show in fall, as well as how the work ties into the movies and what could come down the line. there will be heavy spoilers, so it may be worth skipping this video for now if you want to go in with fresh eyes. with that out the way, I'm definition, and this is my ending explained video. but Jack Ryan, season one. Jack Ryan season one follows the titular character in his hunt for the Sulaiman, an extremist Muslim that Ryan believes could be the next bin Laden. after the terrorist launches a biological attack in France, the stakes rise exponentially, and Ryan is tasked with bringing the Suleiman to justice with help from his captain, agent Korea, sorry, I mean officer Greer. Ryan manages to catch up with the terrorists wife as she is attempting to cross the border under the guise of being a political refugee. through his investigation, Ryan learns that the Suleiman has managed to obtain a deadly strain of Ebola, which he plans to contaminate u.s. hostages with. Suleiman realizes that if he allows ground troops to rescue the hostages, that they will eventually come into contact with the president, due to his close relationship with the head kidnapping. this will cause the president to become infected with the disease, which will spread to his top aides, Congress and more. it will require intense medical care and has the potential to completely disable eyes the government. in addition to this, he launches another attack in the US. that is intended solely to cause confusion and chaos, ordering his right-hand man to bomb a pizza Paula as a diversion. the suleiman seems to be one step ahead of his enemies. however, rhine concludes that this is merely a distraction from the terrorists real end game. similar to his attack in paris on the priest, the restaurant bombing has been carried out to provide cover for their real plan. this has been a multi-step process the entire time. and the terrorist true plan is to release cesium within the hospital that the president is being treated at, deadlier than Ebola. when released through the ventilation ducts, it will immediately kill all those that comes into contact with. Ryan realizes the master plan, however, and the CIA evacuate the hospital. chasing Suleiman through the subway. Ryan dodges trains and bullets and manages to bring the terrorists down by using the dirty tactic of announcing that he has his son. Suleiman dies at the scene, and Ryan returns his son to the rest of his family. this highlights the arc that he has went on as Ryan believed that children could also be swayed by the war, due to one earlier in his career, killing his teammates in a helicopter rescue. the series ends with the surviving soldiers of Suleiman being hunted down by Matisse, a French intelligence officer who wants revenge on those who committed the attacks in Paris. Greer goes to Moscow, and Ryan is promoted to the head of t fed. if you're a fan of the Jack Ryan films and fiction, and then you know that the character doesn't exactly have much to look forward to outside of the show. Ryan has been featured in five films, including the hunt for the Red October, Patriot Games, clear and present danger, the sum of all fears and jack ryan, shadow recruit was all are great films, and each one is an easy choice to take the series into down the line. I personally believe that the most likely course of action that season two will take is that of the sum of all fears. in the sum of all fears, terrorists detonate a nuclear bomb in the city of Baltimore during a football game, and it destroys the city and almost kills the president. the terrorists frame Russia in an attempt to cause World War 3. and this is definitely an aspect that could metaphorically work alongside a lot of real-world fears that America currently has about the country. Russia is often brought up when discussing the election of President Trump, and I think it would be the perfect thing to do a second season on. with Korea being relocated to Russia, this is definitely a place Ryan could come to as a that later down the line. however, there is also the potential that Ryan could go on a hunt for the Red October route, which involves evacuating a defect in general from Soviet waters. we will just have to wait and see what happens. so what did you think of Jack Ryan season one? have you seen the other films featuring the character, and how would you rank it amongst them? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and subscribe to my channel. I create content like this weekly, and they'll definitely be something on here that you love. if you're a fan of TV, I recently discussed the post-credits scene of sharp objects, starring Amy Adams, so make sure you check that out next again, thanks for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 