hey everyone. welcome to movie splain. in today's video, we'll be recapping a film based on a true story called black klansmen. enjoy the video. ron stallworth arrives at the local police station. he is interviewed by chief bridges and mr turrentine over whether or not he would be qualified on the force given the current social and political climate regarding african americans. they want to know how ron would react if a white officer were to harass him. and ron says he would turn the other cheek if he needs to. ron is then made the first black officer on the force. ron's first job is to work in the filing department, where he is antagonized by a racist patrolman named andy landers. ron then goes to bridges and requests that he be put on an assignment to get out in the field. but bridges declines his request. however, bridges later changes his mind and decides to send ron to a black panther meeting to see if they are planning to radicalize themselves. a known activist, stokely carmichael, is said to be speaking there. bridges has detectives flip zimmerman and jimmy creek sit in as ron goes in with a wire. ron attends the meeting and meets petrus dumas, head of the black student union. he tries to convince her that he is down with their cause. they enter for the meeting, where carmichael, now going as kwami turay, starts to speak. he gives an impassioned speech of how everyone there must learn to love their black culture and to not be ashamed or try to conform for white folks. kwame then starts to speak about an impending race war between black people and white officers who are constantly killing them in the streets, and that the black community must arm themselves in the face of a threat. ron becomes invested in kwami's words, but also weary about his beliefs in a race war. later, ron meets patrice at a club. she tells him that they were pulled over by racist white police officers while taking kwame back to the airport. we see the incident, and landers was the one who pulled them over and started harassing her while two other officers were holding them at gunpoint. they discussed their feelings on the matter and how the relationship between black folks and the police are before they head out on the dance floor. after bringing his information back to bridges, ron feels that they need not look further into the black panthers. despite bridges hearing about quabby talking about the race war, ron goes to the intelligence office to answer phones and sits to read a paper. he finds an ad for the ku klux klan, and he becomes compelled to call. ron poses as a white man as he speaks to a clan chapter president named walter breachway over the phone. and ron manages to convince walter that he is, in fact a racist, white aryan man. they arrange for a meeting to be set up, although ron realizes he screwed up by using his real name. ron brings this to bridges and requests to use one of the white officers to play the rotten stalworth that walter thinks he spoke to. they decide to use flip, and they use a script to differentiate between speaking white english and jive. flip is also given a wire to use for his face to face meetings with the clan. flip meets another clan member named felix kendrickson, while ron and jimmy are attempting to keep a close watch on them. felix drives flipped to one of the clan's meeting spots, but he reminds flip to refer to them as the organization. felix spots ron driving close behind him, and he has flip load a gun just in case. they drive off. and ron gets off his tail when he realizes he was noticed. felix then brings flip to a pool hall where he meets walter and a constantly drunk clansman named ivanhoe. felix keeps suspecting that flip might be jewish, which he is, but flip convinces walter that he is just as racist as the rest of them. in between the investigation, ron continues to see patrice having to hide the fact that he is a cops and she hates them and always refers to them as pigs. ron speaks to sergeant trapp as they are trying to gather information on the grand wizard of the clan, david duke, who is running for office, and they want to prevent him from going any higher, since they don't want someone like duke in office. ron believes that people would never vote for someone like him, but trapp tells him to wake up. ron listens in on another meeting as flip goes to felix's house to meet other clansmen and felix's wife, connie. they are planning something against patrice and her group, since they know she has been so vocal about her stance on racism and police brutality. felix, still not trusting flip, brings him into his basement for a lie detector test. sensing trouble, ron runs up to the house and throws a rock through a window to scare connie, and then runs like hell before the men run out with guns. flit shoots at the car, but intentionally misses slightly to prove to the others he's on their side. felix looks up ron stallworth in the phone book and goes to ron's apartment to find him there with patrice. felix later asks flip about this during another meeting, but flip says his number is unlisted and that he lives on a different street. ron then manages to get in touch with duke himself. like the others that spoke to ron on the phone, he is also convinced that ron is a true white american ron, however, has to hide his disgust with duke's rhetoric and racist talk against black folks. at the same time. flip is made the head of the clan's chapter since he's gained trust among the others. but as an excuse for missing any future meetings or events, he tries to tell them that he can't perform his duties with them consistently because of his ill father. felix connie and ivan, who meet with another clansman named walker, who brings them c4 that they plan to use against the bsu. although patrice their main target. bridges assigns ron to protect duke as he is arriving in town, landers makes more snide remarks toward ron, leading him to snap and almost attack him. bridges tells him that if he let landers get to him so easily, he won't stand a chance with duke. ron goes to find patrice to warn her not to go to a planned march with the bsu, because that's where the clan is planning to attack them. he has to reveal to patrice that he is a cop, and she becomes so upset that she refuses to see him, even as he tries to tell her that while he is down for the liberation of their people, he is loyal to his duties as an officer. ron then goes to meet duke, having to hide his phone voice. duke shows clear disdain for who his bodyguard is, but retains his professional demeanor. the other clansmen, however, are less subtle. as felix and ivan hosts around ron in an attempt to intimidate him. ron approaches duke to ask for a polaroid photo together with him in another clansman. he asks flip to take the picture, and just as the camera flashes, ron puts his arms around both duke and the other man to anger them. although duke tries to come off as threatening, ron reminds him he is a police officer and can arrest him for laying a finger on him. duke then rounds up the klansmen for a meeting to have flip have his official initiation. meanwhile, the bsu is listening to a man named jeremy turner as he recalls a mentally handicapped friend from his youth named jesse, who was found guilty by an all-white jury for the alleged assault and murder of a white woman. and they only deliberated for four minutes. jesse was chained and paraded through the streets where he was stabbed and attacked and later castrated. this cuts between duke spreading his message of hate and white power, while the bsu goes for justice and black power. after flip's initiation, the clan gathers for lunch. walker tells felix that he recognizes flip as the cop who busted him years ago, and he knows that flip is jewish. furthermore, walker points out to felix that it's ron who's been speaking to them on the phone. the two of them then try to get flipped to reveal himself, but he doesn't budge. ron then follows connie, as he knows she is up to something suspicious. felix leaves moments later with walker and ivanhoe, and flip follows them. connie arrives at petrus home to place the c4 in her mailbox, but it won't fit. she has to run. when petrus and her friend arrive. after they go into their house, connie sticks the bomb under patrice's car, and ron spots her. he chases her after saying he's a cop. and he tackles her to the ground. two other officers show up and naturally get the wrong idea, made worse by connie shouting that ron was attacking her. the officers start to assault ron wright before felix pulls up right next to patrice's car, thinking the bomb is in the mailbox. patrice and her friend step outside after seeing ron on the ground, just as he tries to warn them, as felix takes out the detonator, the c4 goes off, killing felix, ivanhoe and walker, flip pulls up and tells the officers to back off after proving rotten is an undercover cop. ron later has dinner with patrice in a place where landers comes in to mess with them. she brings up the harassment incident, which landers proudly admits to, as well as spewing threats against them. turns out ron was wearing a wire for flip, jimmy and bridges to hear, and landers is quickly arrested. not long after, ron has one last phone call with duke, where he reveals himself as the black man that he met. and he proceeds to tell duke off for being a racist jackass leaving him completely bewildered. the department thinks of ron as a hero for his success in the operation bridges. then brings ron, flip, jimmy and trap into his office. he orders ron to destroy evidence of the investigation since he doesn't want the public to know about the whole thing. the guys are outraged, but ron proceeds to tear up the file. later that night, ron is in his apartment with patrice. she breaks it off with him because she doesn't want to be with a cop. moments later, they hear a pounding outside. they get their guns and walk out. they see out the window, not far from them, the clan is burning across [Music], you 