Welcome back for another 5-minute movie recap. today i'm going to give you an overview of the 2020 south korean zombie film called alive. there will be spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. when a mystery illness that drives infected individuals to attack and consume uninfected people breaks out in the news and around him, oh joon wu is alone in his family's apartment. a neighbor barges in. as he unlocks the hallway door, the guy begs to be let to stay, but he becomes infected and assaults june wu. jun wu pulls him out the door and closes it behind him. his parents then send him notes reassuring him that they are safe. jun woo makes a rescue plea on social media. after blocking his front entrance with the fridge, his neighborhood is inundated with infected jun wu progressively loses access to phone networks, the internet and running water, despite the emergency power being on. another sick guy enters the residence, knocking over the refrigerator and ruining the contents. he is tricked into falling from the balcony by jun wu. jun fonwu's network is temporarily restored, while he has hallucinations concerning his parents and sister due to hunger and thirst. he gets a voicemail from his family which contains a tape of their final moments. jun woo tries to commit himself, but is thwarted when he notices the light from a laser pointer moving about his flat. kim yoo bin, a survivor who lives in the apartment building next door, gives him a signal to exchange meals. the two survivors built up a zipline. you bin had attached a cable to a table as she was attempting to put up the zipline, and an infected fireman climbs up it, the table is dragged across her flat, knocking her unconscious. despite june diversions. wu's the infected man makes it to you balcony bins where he dies when she wakes up and chops off his hand. jun wu breaks into his neighbor's apartment and takes food, clothing and wakitakis, as well as sending a walkie-talkie to ubin. the two converse and form a relationship. yu-bin inadvertently knocks down a bookcase. as the infected swarm becomes agitated, a crowd gathers at her door, but june wu diverts their attention by using the apartment complex's phone system to contact the unit next door. the two suit up, repel from their balconies and battle their way to june apartment wuz on the eighth floor, assuming no one lives there. when an infected person sees them, he summons more infected people. an elderly guy appears from the final apartment on the floor and saves the duo just as they are about to be overrun. the two take the stranger's food and drink, and jun wu falls asleep due to the medications in the meal. the stranger binds their wrists and puts you bin in a bedroom with his sick wife, while you bin struggles to fight off the drug's effects. jun wu awakens and the man knocks on the door to inquire about his wife. you bin, who rescued herself by putting cloth over the sick wife's head, falls into him with her u-bin shoots both of them. when the guy surrenders to his wife's onslaught. as additional infected are attracted by the gunfire, you bin asks jun wu to murder her outside. helicopters pass by while he hesitates while being pursued by the infected. the two run to the rooftop. an army helicopter shoots at the mob as they are about to be overrun, before transporting the two to safety. wireless networks are being restored and the military has begun rescuing survivors who made social media posts. according to a voiceover by an anchor. if you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. i hope you have enjoyed this video. hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. have a great day ahead. 