[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka the guy who always goes in deep when it comes to the boys. there's gonna be massive spoilers here for the run. so if you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, then scram caboose. get the get the heckins out of here. you heard or i'll, i'll make you watch your watch mojo video or something. anyway, after rereading the comic series recently, the ending made me remember something, a truth i'd long since forgotten, one i'd buried in my mind because of how much it altered my perception of one key character. and that is because, in the comics, billy butcher was actually the final villain of the storyline. since reading it many years ago, i'd simply repressed this memory and accepted the real ending as being the reveal that black noir was actually a clone of homelander, and that both died in the final arc. probably probably not the best person to be doing a breakdown on the boys, but here now, so sit back and shut the hell up. anyway, the book goes far beyond this. and the final chapter that follows it titled the bloody doors off culminates with butcher revealing his true plan. now, in case you haven't read it, the story itself begins with butcher basically giving the boys some time off after all they've been through. however, what the character is actually doing is that he's getting them out the way so that he can tie up all the loose ends before enacting his final plan, which is to wipe out all soups on earth. early on in the comics, we witnessed that there's a variation of compound v that causes people's heads to explode. and butcher manages to engineer this so that he can take them all down at once. he kills mallory, loves sausage, mothers milk, frenchie and the female before traveling to the top of the empire state building where he plans to set things off. huey arrives, and the pair talk back and forth before huey runs towards him, misses and goes through a window. butcher catches him, and the pair fall over the side and land on a lower platform, which is where billy breaks his neck and hughie gets badly injured. they both lie there and billy admits that he kept huey around because he needed someone to balance him out, someone with some humanity that would stop him should it come down to it. billy is crippled, and he wants huey to kill him, but he won't. thus the former lies about murdering his parents, and this sends huey into a rage, which finally makes him do it. now there are obviously a lot more nuances to it than that, but that's the basics of it, so we can understand how the show may be heading in a similar direction. now i'm really unsure whether the tv show will actually follow this arc. and after throwing a poll online the other day for people who'd read the work, an overwhelming 68 of you didn't think that the series would follow the same story as the comics. it was probably the the most important vote of this week. and they they people voted. it's more than kanye got, i suppose. anyway, i've been thinking about it for a while, and i actually think that there are some clues in the show that hint towards it actually taking this path, and that we will get butcher as the true villain in the end. now, in order to discuss how this all lines up properly. we have to travel back to butch's childhood and how there are several similarities to how it's portrayed in the comics in this source material. butcher's father is a very violent man, and in the area that they live, he has the reputation of a hard case. in addition to this, he brutally beats billy's mother, doing it loud enough so that he and his brother lenny can hear it. because they're children, they're powerless to stop any of it. and it even gets to the point that their mother has to have a glass eye because their dad shatters her eye socket. butcher stays awake at night listening to it going on, and he gets angrier and angrier to the point that he obsesses over beating his dad to death. however, what holds him back from doing anything is his brother lenny, who pretty much stops him because he doesn't want his mother to have a murdered husband and a son in jail. now we know that some of these scenarios likely happen to the billy that we've seen in the show, as both versions hate their dad. and we know that lenny was also instrumental in keeping them cool. in both versions of the story, lenny also dies, which we'll get into in just a bit. however, where things differ is that in the comics, billy and lenny managed to convince their mother to leave their father. this idea is pretty much spurred on by becky, butch's wife, who tells her that she doesn't have to put up with it anymore. yes, i know she's called becca in the show. yeah. so, so stop. stop typing. now. now, the show has billy's mother stay with his father, and we meet them when the characters come face to face, whereas in the original work, their relationship is shown in flashbacks. now, though this differs a fair bit, we do have this motif of billy basically being beaten by his father, and the idea that this caused him to become the hardest man alive. that's in english saying, yeah, and i know what hard can also mean. anyway, we get a glimpse into the characters psychology in the comics and learn that though billy hated him in many respects, he became him over the years, a butcher, became more and more violent. and this aspect of his father's way of doing things was very much imparted into the character. this is pretty much one of the main things that makes him believe that violence can be defeated with more violence. and it does tie into the end, namely billy's plan. the reason that belly wants to wipe out wall soups is because they killed his wife. and though it did seem like the show was going in a new direction after the ending of season one, we know that from this point on, she will indeed be dead. thus the motivation is there that could eventually lead to him becoming the big bad now, because of the relationship that he had with lenny in the comics, butcher decides to take huion as he knows he will keep him from going off the rails. this is something that we've also had confirmed in the show. and looking back, it seems strange that this was given so much attention to basically be a minor plot element in one of the episodes. thus the show could be setting up something that goes towards the finals scene in the comics. as the only reason that butcher really tries to save huey from going over the edge is because he's reminded of his similarity to lenny. thus we have these points that line up and hints to us that the butcher in the show may not be too dissimilar from the one in the comics. huey could indeed be kept around his stop billy from going too far. and with his wife dead, who knows what the character will do next. now this is where i think the biggest clue comes in, and that is that butcher actually wanted to kill all of the remaining supes by blowing their heads off. this is obviously something that victoria newman can already do, and we know that her opposite is actually cindy, a character who was last seen hitchhiking away from the sage grove center. if the show is indeed going the route of the comics, then butcher could discover that vic is in fact the head popper, and he could decide to track down cindy in order to return the favor to the remaining soups themselves. if this was the case, then it would give butcher a way to actually do something similar to what his character does in the comics. and cindy is such a wild card that i could actually see it happening. now, though it is unlikely that the show will continue past the supes. there is definitely a number of key things that point to butcher being similar to how he is in the comics. firstly, is his past, namely the relationship that he had with his father. second is the relationship that he had with his brother, which we know is instrumental in why he chose huey to be part of the group. thirdly, is the death of butch's wife, which becomes the main motivation for why he wants to kill the soups. and finally, is how he will carry this out, which is by the exploding heads, which we know has been set up in the show through cindy and vic. now the only thing that's really stopping this from playing out is that the butcher in the show has seen the better side to the supes through both ryan and starlight. however, who knows how far the character is willing to go with all that homelander could potentially unleash. i do think, though, that all together, there is definitely enough there to hint that butcher may actually be the big bad at the end of the boys and it seems like they're potentially lining him up that way, whether they do it or not remains to be seen. but hopefully this video has shown you that all the main pieces are there in place to pull this off. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on this breakdown, and if you think they're gonna go that way, or or a different one. i'm still not completely sold myself, but i think it's probably the most interesting way that they could end the show. if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. make sure you check out everything we know about season three, which is going to be linked at the end. don't forget, we're giving away 3 copies of the marvel phase 2 box set. and all you have to do to be with the chance of winning is make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of november, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also become chapters on the discord server, linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. paul. i'll see you next time. take care. [Music] peace. [Music] you 