listen. so in my opinion, the first peter rabbit was a pleasant surprise that only popped up in my radar because they baited parents into boycotting it because of a certain scene. and now they're back with a sequel meant to save cinemas, but also call out every critic who had beef with the first. let me explain. so in the first the big fight was between peter and his new, soon-to-be human father, tom as he's getting ready to marry his owner, who's also found success in the book that she made about the rabbits, so that it covers the rent, even though it was their land to begin with. now that they're married, in the sequel and have a successful book, they get approached by david o'yellow's character named nigel, who has these wild ideas to expand the sequel and create a whole franchise. but here comes a thorn in rose and domino's relationship. rose's character is named to be after the original series author, beatrix potter, and here she doesn't want to capitalize on her book in fear that a dumb american might direct the eventual movie. that's where he becomes very self-aware, which is something director will gluck is absolutely no stranger to the studio, hates all of that. anything about self-awareness, anything about critics, they absolutely hate. and and i just put it in despite them. i think they spited back by marketing the movie with bunnies reacting. like i said, a lot of it was actually inspired by the bad reviews from the first one and all the various complaints. and i get the frustrations from the filmmakers, like a lot of people claimed he didn't pay his respects. when he did, in his way, all of the easter eggs that were there were just ignored amidst all the criticism. and even more so, they called out the fact that people don't actually remember what was in the books. they have like a different vision of it. so it was never going to butter the brits biscuits. but it is also a kids movie. so as much as i want to complain about certain things, like how a rabbit doesn't have the ability to turn a doorknob, like the next scene is also a deer talking on a roof, so you just sound like a goof, that doesn't mean it's exempt from critique. personally, i like the novelty of the first a lot more. and it's clear that a lot of the bits here are, again, coming as a reaction from the bad reviews from the first with them even cutting out a bit that i wish they had left, and where they read back reviews of the first book, which i think would have tied it better for viewers. the ironic thing is, though, is that after all the letters and all the complaints, all the critiques that they got for the first one, it was james corden's parents who actually wrote a letter to a critic, to hear you describe our son as appallingly irritating is your review of peter rabbit. within the context of peter rabbit was very difficult to listen to. my voice isn't annoying, right? i don't know. i just, i think it's a little funny, especially when it's coming from the dude who was licking himself as a cat, okay? and yet you embarrass me. you. that's what i say to you. in terms of the family, it's still a stacked voice cast. growing up, my sisters and i were massive beatrix potter fans, just not enough to come back for the sequel. elizabeth to becky and margot robbie do return as mopsy and flopsy, who are trying to find their individuality from each other. you're just saying that to be different, i'm not drink some more then. why is it spicy? it's the marketing in the sequel though, that gets to peter the most, with them wanting to pitch him as the mischief maker or the bad seed. and he starts loathing their green day. they're even playing some dominic fike in the back as he starts to believe that he is truly that rotten apple. and while i know that it's commenting on predispositions and how that influences behavior, honestly, this rabbit is a looney tune. i would never put you in danger, i promise. okay, i can't promise. we're gonna go and rob this place. you know, you're out. i know we're personifying rabbits, but in reality, these little buggers are serial killers. with the way that they react. rabbits, they you can tell in their eyes. they're supposed to be cute on paper, they're adorable, lovable animals. if you put a rabbit brain in a human body, you you have michael myers. the person who gets it the most would be gleeson's character of tom. they had this man tumbling, fumbling and grumbling the whole movie. he looked wackier than those inflatables as they had his body tweaking all over the place, like this man sprained his ankle on the first day of set. and it seems like it's in his contract to get boxed out in everything he's in recently. hey, oh, wow. now getting into spoilers for columbia pictures, 3d, live action, computer animated adventure comedy. peter rabbit 2, the runaway. we see him eventually meet a street rabbit named barnabas who claims to have known peter's father. and he builds a connection with him as he teaches peter how to get captured and adopted in order to parasite the households that take him in. and there's a nice little heist movie in the middle of it all that was pretty fun, before you realize that the one being duped is peter, like he's the one who gets out savage. it turns out that barnabas is upset that he's too old and that kids now prefer the younger, spunkier peter, who has all the spotlight. kind of like the old heads who are men that they're not seeing what they want up on the billboards these days. and so on. the final heist, barnabas sets up peter's family to get taken by animal control, and because peter's a late, late show, he doesn't arrive in time to save his family. as for that board meeting that we've been seeing throughout the entire movie, gets together for the follow-up book for b and literally pitches the ending of the movie that you're watching, which i have complete footage for, because the real life studio cut up a trailer that set up the last 10 minutes to seem like it was the entire movie. like it gets close to just mimicking chipwrecked, since they all want to see that squeequal money. so they go on a road trip to reunite this family. and illegit goes from an oceans movie to the fast and furry. this is crazy. i did wish that the voice reveal between peter and tom was funnier, since they have been hyping that up since the first movie. like i feel like now that they understand each other. there's a whole other level of jokes there. but the vegan propaganda with the fox, that was just too goofy for me. having the rooster pull a desmond hume with a son, though, hilarious. up kid, we have a job to do. overall, i still think that the first is a little better and funnier, but it does showcase the differences in adaptations when handled by the brits for americans, that clash between preferences. and overall, box office and that thin line between compromising or tarnishing a classic. in the end, it still holds the themes of family, like the first one did, while dissecting the oppression of labels and realizing that sometimes you can learn more from your mistakes than you can your successes. that said, it doesn't hold a carrot to paddington. thank you all for checking out this video, and i'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comments section. i would also recommend this great interview with one of the best critics out there, kermad, who brought gluck onto the show. and they were talking about the critic versus filmmaker mentality and approach. and honestly, it's one of the best things that came out of the sequel. i think it's fantastic. it's a fantastic listen. so definitely check it out. i'll be linking it down below, uh, but i'm curious to know your thoughts on it. i know that they're already writing a third so i'm very curious to see where they're gonna take it, if it's gonna have the energy and the hops to continue, you know, dominating at the box office like it's able to always making bank. it's money. but, uh, we'll see how it goes. uh, let me know your thoughts on whether you thought this one was better than the first one, if you even care about these at all, or if there's an other live action mix animation out there that you like more. other than that, definitely let me know your thoughts on this, or any other movies, down below in the comment section. and until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe and pop that bottle of champagne in the fridge 