[Music]. welcome to the breakdown, when we break down all the messed up [ __ ]. now today we are checking out the movie hound dog, starring a young Dakota Fanning as an intelligent and exuberant Elvis Presley fan girl named Llewellyn. Elvis Presley helped serve as a hand of hope for Llewellyn, who herself is subject to a lot of trauma no little girl should have to go through. now this movie is extremely controversial because of a rape scene involving Llewellyn. but a lot of you guys requested this movie after no child of mine to keep that child abuse theme. so honestly, this movie is not that bad at all. but anything controversial is always on the wait list for this channel. so if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown. well, you know Tyra's green. but otherwise, our main character, Llewellyn, leaves her friend buddy to a secluded area in these pretty woods. it looks like they are playing a little game, promising to give buddy a kiss if he shows this thing. y'all know what the thing is. but of course, he is scared to show that off. so after he does show what he's got, Llewellyn notices a bruise on his leg, saying, she's got a bruise to from getting hit by her daddy. she's not a big fan of Daddy's no embarrassed and a little mad, buddy decides to leave. well, after Llewellyn gives him the little kiss she promised. after that little game, Llewellyn follows this cute ass doggy back to her daddy house. man, I love doggy so much, but, um. anyway, she Sam Fisher's her way around the area, sneaking back in and solid jumps carrying this woman who was a girlfriend of her dad. her name is Ellen. and it's kind of funny because her dad's name is Liu, so it's like Llewellyn is a mix of both their names. another thing about Llewellyn is that she loves her some Elvis, even performing his rendition of the song how in front of her pops and Ellen. we've been transitioned to Llewellyn and her actual residence, a few feet away from dad's place. she lives with her Elvis, Presley hating grandma, who feels that her pops her mom's can't take care of her. she thinks her pops is a dirty dog sometimes. but speaking of dogs, that doggie from earlier snuck into the turkey coop with hunger on his money. later next morning, Llewellyn bonds with Ellen, but then we hear a gunshot. turns out that pop shot the dog, disregarding how sad Llewellyn would be. this is one of the first traumatizing things for Liu women. but then we see she kind of copes by singing Elvis. we see her singing in the trees like Tarzan. but let's hope she don't fall down and bust her damn head. ital the one worried because this black man here named Charles says the same thing. he also schools her, saying the true african-american origin of the many songs Elvis sings, but also saying, you better keep singing yourself. later though, the one that gets a visitor, buddy, who says Elvis is coming to town, giving him another kiss and excitement. now this kiss is gonna represent something, because later, during a bath, grandma tells her, make sure you don't grow up too fast. when it comes to relationship with boys. okay, so I'm guessing. the next day, Llewellyn comes over her pops house to see pop, but she is Tess he's Ellen, the one that notices right away that Ellen got hit by pops giving her a beer to put on that eye. things take a dark turn though when Ellen says the father left for good in ain't coming back, saying he left the girl with Ellen. this causes Llewellyn to react damn near violently and curse at the woman. she calls down though, because later at night, she joins Ellen in bed, asking if she's gonna stay. Ellen avoids the question, but that avoidance is another way to say no. so Llewellyn Nix asked if she would take her along in Ellen agrees to that request. in the morning, Ellen is gone. when Llewellyn is awake after hearing the new man coming through, named Wooden's boy. now we all know Llewellyn is a nice and extrovert like girl, who talks to anybody with whatever is on her mind. but we can tell that something is off about wooden boy, who stares at her singing Elvis in bed. he's giving off some pedo vibes. later though, after some fun in the water, Llewellyn and buddy noticed an abandoned car, rummaging through it like he's nothing. it turns out, though, that is getting towed and actually belongs to Ellen. looks like she was lying about taking the women along with her. she even lies about knowing Llewellyn. definitely a heartbreak to be lied to and ignored like that. later, the girl sits in the tree again, conflicted and traumatised. but Charles sit idle next to her. he brings it to his snake handler place, where she listens to the original african-american origins of the hound dog song. right here, though, Jill Scott plays the original singer of the hound dog song, famous blues singer, Big Mama Thornton. well, that was a nice little shout out. but days later, Lou Ellis pops finds her at the store and gives her a new Elvis Presley record. later, while it's storming, Llewellyn and Buddy hide in a shed when it starts getting rough. but too bad for dad, he gets shrunk by lightning and suffers intensely on the ground. the grandma comes to the shed after saying that God shrunk her daddy down a day later. the grandma even suggests maybe it was her that shrunken down, thinking she and the boy were doing sexual things that made God angry. luckily though, pops is still alive, but he can't [ __ ] it from the accident. those words from her grandma definitely affected her, though, because she curves Bobby. Bobby, what? because she curves buddy when they hang around. one thing I'm happy about is the presence of this black man. I meant to say Charles. excuse me, one thing I'm happy about is the presence of Charles, because he seems to help her keep a clean mind, even when dirty things happen all around her. practically though, he teaches her that a dead snake always has the reflexes to still bite. Charles easily refutes all the guilty and belittling thoughts swimming around this girl's mind, especially regarding sinning and if it was her fault her dad almost died. later, the weather looks for money to buy a ticket to that Elvis concert, but also finds a picture of Ellen. maybe Ellen has some history with this family. grandma catches her taking her money and whips her hand, even when she lies about what she would do with the money. not being able to get that money makes the girl cry, especially since sing Elvis is what held her head high even with everything sad going on. oh, where are my manners? the two kids are stealing fruit from the yard of a very rich old couple. but then their granddaughter, the bureau who played his orphan, comes out in the streets. all the oh, geez. call her grasshopper. later that night, Llewellyn walks down the dangerous road when a car comes up. it passes right by. but that car is special, because as holding Elvis Presley himself, who blows a kiss to his number-one fan to get ready to watch Elvis perform, grasshopper gives her a nice hair makeover and one of her little dresses. but Llewellyn, that's a little too small for you. just the existence of this dress feels conflict when the grandmother keeps accusing her of stealing, regardless. another day passes by, and buddy tells Llewellyn that Wooden's boy has a ticket to the Elvis concert. y'all remember him, right? the milkman who needs to fix his damn face, lame-ass milkman. look, I know that sounded rude, but after what we're about to see, he deserves worse than anything I could say. well, they just got to pick up the ticket at this [ __ ] in the to run as fast as they can. would his [ __ ] is hiding in the corner, saying he will give her two ticket if she does her little Elvis dance. while she does it, he whispers to Buddy, telling him to tell her to do it naked. both kids seem a bit naive to this perversion, but she knows something isn't right about this, especially when bitch-boy ignores her cries for the ticket instead taking off his belt. so yeah, of course, she is pushed to the ground, and it's raped by Wooden's boy. this is the scene that was definitely controversial, especially when you have a child here acting a part of the scene. after would his boy and buddy leave her behind like what? I'm guessing? hours later, she finally gets up from the shed. it's always hard for me to see this walk, the same walk that Jennifer Hills did in Mari Collingwood and many other girls. a woman out there that have survived such an evil encounter again, like Jennifer Hills, she situates herself alone in an abandoned car, all the way until the next day. sadly, she didn't tell anyone. and later in church, not only does she have to listen to this rock and roll is the devil's music crap, but she also sees buddy, oh, you don't get to turn away. I see you're still a child, but you let your friend be taking advantage of me. you didn't even try to give her any support. grasshopper over there, laughing, is she - this causes were willing to run outside and vomit in the bushes. after church is over, the dad calls over buddy and grasshopper, unaware of the tensions between the girl in there, and that's what we hear this [ __ ], who your friend? this is grasshopper. buddy's taking me to see el that's not what, oh, brother, I don't know. I don't know if what's going on in his little boy's head, but if I were the same age, then he would be catching these hands. okay. later that night, Louella sneaks off to listen to this Elvis concert. but her slow father awakens finding her missing. meanwhile, the girl watches his buddy delivers grasshopper to her people, like I'm truly struggling to understand how he can watch his friend suffer and then completely ignore her, like she was the bad guy. that's why I need to catch these damn hands. then buddy and his friends, including would his boy, play pool at a hangout. then randomly pops stumbles upon the place naked, asking buddy if he's seen his daughter. but the boys just bullying in with their pool sticks. pause, then suddenly the woman pops up like Namek Goku or sage mode Naruto, dragging her father away. back at home, dad starts dancing the hound dog, but she starts screaming at her dad, who also squeezed back, saying he can't take it anymore. all this screaming is loud enough to reach grandma, who stays in her deep sleep. the next morning, though, we see a car roll up. but it's not just anybody driving. it's Ellen who is returned. she steps up on grandma's porch saying, mama, meaning Ellen definitely wasn't just another girlfriend, grandma, I'm happy to see her daughter though. and it's revealed that Helen is definitely the unev Llewellyn. now, Ellen wants to actually take care of the girl, but grandma hates her for many reasons, threatening to shoot her if she don't leave. meanwhile, Llewellyn, biz's Charles again, who helps wrap up a woman she has obviously telling something is wrong with her. unaware to both of them though, Ellen looks for the girl, finding her way to Charles please. after the girl leaves, Charles hears Ellen screaming, finding her on the ground with a bite from a rattlesnake. luckily, though, she got a bit near snake anti-venom maker, it turns out. though Ellen knows Charles back when they were kids, Charles stinks Llywelyn. he's a mom in LA, back whoof Llewelyn. though she seems to have an illness, probably a manifestation of all the strong emotional trauma she has. then later that night, for some reason, buddy and Wooden's boy hang out around Charles please. they talk about what they did to the women, which is overheard by Charles, who now feels compelled to help out Llewellyn. he sneaks into the girl's house, who was busy hallucinating snakes all around her, he picks her up and takes her back to his place, asking for her the sing Elvis with him and a bend. he also gives her words of wisdom, to be shrunk and always turned negative into something positive. he lets her get rid of all her grief out on him. once she lets it all out, she comes back to sing with the band. slowly but surely, Charles guys her into recapturing her shine. the next morning, he gives her a parting gift of a rattlesnake rattle. and also, gladly, she finds a cute little puppy, Edlund. roused by two influencing her to come along with her, Llewellyn goes to check with her dad and grandma about it, but really she's going to say our last goodbyes to them. she tells her dad that she loves him. and the movie ends as she walks away from her ignoring grandma and her dad that got bit by a dead rattlesnake. she walks right back to Ellen's car, ready to have a new life. and now I like to believe in that universe, Llewellyn became a very famous singer and actress. so yeah, it probably wasn't that bad. but I felt the controversial scene alone qualifies to film for this series. now, when it comes to a very bleak film, y'all should definitely stay tuned for the video I'll drop tomorrow. so anyway, let's talk about the most History moment and most enjoy moment in that spooky stuff. [Music]. so let's get right into it. the most disturbed moment is easily the rapeseed. it's half the reason why I did the movie. but I've always said, how if there's raping a film is always usually the most disturbing moment. the most enjoyed moment is easily, for me, the ending. I'm glad she can live a life she deserves to live, rather than a life surrounded by things that have a negative effect on her. now, if only Woody's boy was stitched to somebody's butthole, then that would have made it even better. and that's it all. hope you guys enjoyed this video. and if you did, make sure you click that damn like button, and clicking right now, cuz some of y'all be accidentally [ __ ] around and clicking the dislike button. I see y'all here on the left, those are pretty harder for them to take. any call with no child of mine that's a bit similar to this one here. on the right is probably some random film YouTube things you should check out. thanks for watching. spooky out 