[Music]. welcome to slash forward into the final week of the giveaway. this week's Tuesday video is going to be the 2006 song, calm Fido. let's get to it. the movie opens with an old school near to filmstrip, which brings back the og cause of zombification in mysterious space particles. luckily, the key to destroying zombies, securing our towns and ultimately domesticating the festering brood has been discovered by our corporate overlords. this film is being shown to a class of kids too old to not know this, and acts as an introduction for mr. bottoms, Tom Khan's new head of security, who now lives in their quaint community. when he attempts to answer any questions, our shy protagonist, Timmy, gets volunteered by a couple of front row bootlickers, so he takes the opportunity to get existential. it's off to practice headshots, and things get temporarily, but predictably psychotic. Timmy then rides his bike home and is welcomed by the standard afternoon ritual of wholesome baked goods and admonishments for his physical appearance. that night, we see that Helen has been reading the handbook when bill comes home, and she butters him up for a surprise, a level up to their class standing in the form of a new zombie Butler. we come to find that Bill is somewhat of a coward, which has been holding them back in the local social circles. but he comes around and agrees to go with this new situation, but with some conditions. the next day, bill does his best to avoid interacting directly with his son, leading Timmy to take a trip to the park, which leads to some classic bullying, which eventually leads to some classic substitute fathering. now warmed up to his pal, Timmy names their zombie Fido and attempts a game of fetch. as is so often the case, this leads to an upskirt misunderstanding involving mrs. Henderson. the subsequent and fortuitous beating causes a collar malfunction, resulting in a well deserved mauling. timmy is busted in on while cleaning Fido. he's chastised for breaking many rules, causing him to clam up about mrs. Henderson, fearing what might happen to phyto or the family as a result. we learn more about this when there are new neighbor, mr. bottoms comes calling. he confirms the punishment for a wayward zombie involves banishment to the wild zone. Timmy decides to let the issue drop, confident that ignoring it will allow it to fade out of memory, nor not. he actually ends up going to cover his tracks, but finds most of the evidence missing. when he catches up with mrs. Henderson, he destroys both the evidence and his innocence as he's intent on giving her a proper burial. that night, Timmy discovers the color problems. his neighbor, mr. Theophilus demonstrates his proficiency in manipulating zombies, both with and without collars, for reasons better imagined than discussed. that Sunday, the family goes to the weekly public funeral, which bill seems to appreciate due to its finality. back in town, we see an unfolding calamity. the next day, things are mostly back to normal. bill abandons his family, while mr. bottoms continues to investigate the potential security breach. the two young jag-offs make an unfounded, but true accusation about fidos involvement in the recent events that seemed to revolve around the disappearance of mrs. Henderson. they're brushed off, but it does put the seed in the back of his mind. Timmy takes Fido on a long hike and is eventually confronted by the two miniature Psychopaths. they have a whole plan about killing Timmy and Fido, framing Fido and being declared heroes. unfortunately, they wither at the first sign of true danger and are quickly taken care of. Timmy, still tied up fine set zombies do apparently still have some degree of humanity and the ability to learn and form new friendships. Fido goes to fetch help, and they make it back just in time. it turns out Helen has a particular knack for murder. after finishing the job in cleaning up, they head home. meanwhile, landscapers uncovered Timmy's shoddy grave, digging. the Robinsons showing a cookout with the bonzes, where mr. bottoms suggests to bill that there's an excess of familiarity with the family zombie, which can lead to problems like the Henderson incident. the suggestion is completely bewildering to him, but has brought sharply into focus when he gets home and sees that Fido has usurped his essentially vacant position within the family. after confirming they did in fact find a ball, mr. bottoms also notices Timmy's name on it, placing him at the scene of the crime. this is enough for them to take fight over. the next morning, Timmy continues to ask difficult questions, unraveling the delicate adult world. bill attempts to make amends by taking him to school and talking to him about killing his feelings. he also gets a handgun. however, this character growth is short-lived. the next morning, Cindy bottom's confirms she heard her father mentioned Fido being utilized at the factory. mr. Theophilus helps Timmy gain entry to the facility under the guise of bringing in the old ball-and-chain for a tune-up. Timmy's parents, having found that note in his room, are not far behind. Theophilus creates a distraction, sacrificing several innocent bystanders who just happen to be waiting patiently in line. timmy finds Fido and sir bottoms fines to me. they all converge on the gate to the wildlands as mr. bottoms teaches Timmy a life lesson. as they struggle for control, Timmy manages to let himself back in just in time to watch his dad get shot, vital noms on mr. bottoms, before they piece out and leave zomcon to clean up the mess. cut to a new morning. we find it's another Sunday. this time though, they're burying bill a celebratory occasion. as we see, he's being buried with the head casket, just like he always wanted. the movie then ends on a final scene confirming everyone has grown into better and more fulfilling lives. and that was fight up. a zombie movie with heart that's both funny and security. definitely worth checking out. you're not subscribed, I'd love for you to be a part of the channel. I hope you enjoyed the video, and thanks for watching. 