Hey Guys, Welcome Back To Movie X Recap, In Today's Video, I'm Going To Recap, Killing Me Softly, Thriller, Romance Movie, So Know The Story Of This Movie In Today's Explanation, so Without Wasting Any Time, Let's Begin, At the beginning of the movie, we are shown climbing a mountain group. But suddenly they all start falling down, due to which they die. After this, we see the main character, Alice, of the movie. Which is American, but she lives in Landon with her boyfriend. Alice never met her dad and didn't even talk to her mom. One day, she was going to her office, when she meets a boy on the rode. And she starts getting attracted towards that boy, but they do not talk to each other. And Alice goes to her office, and that boy also goes inside a bookshop. Alice does not like work. Alice keeps thinking about that boy only. Alice goes back there at lunch time and secretly starts seeing the boy. That boy also sees her, and both of them sit in a taxi. The boy takes her to his house, and then both of them become intimate. And Alice starts feeling guilty while coming back. Because she already has a boyfriend. Yet she became intimate with another man. She tries hard not to think about the boy, and she can't stop herself. Next day, while returning home from office, Alice goes to bookshop. On the other hand, he sees a book which was written on that boy. The shop owner says, This boy's name is Adam. had seen an accident on the mountain at the beginning of the movie, there was also Adam in it. killed many people. But Adam saved the lives of 6 people there. That's why everyone considers him a hero, and a book has also been written on Adam. Alice buys this book, and Alice goes to meet Adam at his house. Again, these two get intimate, and Alice asks him about that accident. Adam says he doesn't even know. How did it happen? because everything was going well. There was no fault anywhere. Yet this accident happened. even today, this incident haunts him. His girlfriend was also among those people. When he too dies, Alice takes care of Adam and decides. That from now on, she will remain with Adam. Alice comes home and breaks up with her boyfriend. Then, after packing the bag, she goes to Adam's house, but there was another girl there. Alice thinks this is Adam's girlfriend, and Adam has cheated on her, but she says girl. She is Adam's sister. Her name is Deborah, and this house is hers. Alice takes Adam's address from him and goes to his house, but Adam is not at home, so she starts waiting outside. After sometime, Adam comes and hag him. At night, both of them get intimate again. The next morning, a reporter comes there to interview Adam. The reporter's name is Joanna, and Alice meets him. Then Alice gets ready and goes to the office. In the evening, I go to meet Alice Adam at his training center. There she meets Adam's sister. She also went on that trip. with adam. Deborah asks Alice to try climbing once and starts wearing her harness. Then adam comes over there and says, you go, I wear Alice in Harness. One thing is clear from this, that adam does not believe in his sister, the live living relationship of Alice and adam goes on very well. Alice tells her friend about this. His friend says, You already had a boyfriend, and you were happy with him too. You are just attracted to adam. Do you really love Adam, I think your relationship will not last long, Alice does not pay heed to her words, and both of them go shopping. After shopping, both of them were going to meet Adam. and then a thief steals Alice's purse and starts running. Then Adam comes over there and starts killing the thief. Alice stops him before he can kill her. Then Adam proposes her for marriage. and Adam also says yes. The next day, Alice receives a letter that read, \xe2\x80\x9cYou don't even know Adam well and are going to marry him.\xe2\x80\x9d What are you talking about so soon? Alice shows the letter to Adam. Adam says, all this is useless, you just believe in me, one day, both of them go to church and get married. Adam lived in this TOWN as a child. He shows her his favorite walking place. Adam asks her to change the dress by taking her to the statue. and he clicks a photo of Alice without clothes. And then both of them go out for hiking. The two make a honeymoon at a house in the middle of the woods, a few days later, Alice receives a letter again. It was written in that. You have made a big mistake by marrying Adam, Alice thinks. Her ex boyfriend is sending this letter to her, then calls her, but CALL receives her friend. Alice discovers her ex-boyfriend and her friend are dating. Alice understands. It was sent by someone else who wants to tell him something. In the evening, go to a party with Adam. All the friends of Adam had come there, while Deborah was also there. Deborah gifts Alice a necklace. A few days later, when she was in her office, reporter Joanna calls her, she says that a girl called him after seeing Adam's interview. A few years ago, Adam raped her. Alice takes Joanna's address and goes to meet her. Then she says that she met Adam at a party. Both of them were dancing. Adam took me home and raped me. But today, everyone is considering Adam as Hero. Actually, he is a villain. Alice gets very upset after hearing all this. and now she also starts doubting Adam. He sees a lock wardrobe at Adam's house. She opens it. On the other hand, Adam's ex girlfriend had some letters written in this letter. I don't want to be with you anymore because you are such a strange person. I'm going back to my husband, Michael's. When Adam returns home, Alice quickly hides the letter. Adam also suspects Alice, But Adam doesn't tell her anything. After Adam leaves, she goes to open those wardrobes again. But she doesn't get the key, because Adam has taken that key with him. Meanwhile, he gets a package and letter. The package had the same dress that she wore in the honeymoon, and was written in the letter. Do you still believe in Adam, Alice thinks. Adam's ex-girlfriend is sending these letters to him, so Alice goes to meet Adele at his house. But on the other hand, his mom says that Adele is missing since last 8 months. Even her husband does not know. Where is he, there was also a group photo, Adam. Adele's mom says, Adele and Adam are good friends. From then on, she sees the same photo of Adele as Adam clicked on her, without clothes, in front of that statue, then she thinks, maybe Adam has murdered Adele. When she comes home, Adam feels it. Alice is having an affair with someone else. Alice tells him everything, the truth. She says that she had received letters from Adele and went to his house too. She asks Adam. did you murder Adele. Then Adam says, no. He didn't kill her. He conferences that earlier he had an affair with Adele, but now he is in love with Alice, but Alice does not believe in Adam, and runs away from the house on the pretext of the washroom. Adam also follows him. But Alice hides. Alice goes to the police station and says. Her husband has murdered a girl. Now the officers ask for evidence from him, but he does not have any evidence, so the officers are also unable to help him. At the same time, Adam also comes there and says that his wife is missing. There was some miss understanding between them. So she has left the house. The officers show all this to Alice, and they don't think Adam can murder anyone. Still, Alice does not believe in Adam, and she goes to Deborah to ask for help. Deborah says she was already suspicious of Adam. Deborah thinks that the accident on the mountain happened only because of Adam, because the instruments that those people use are of good quality, and they do not break easily, and they broke very early that day. Adam knew the girls by using them. Kills with. In order to kill his girlfriends on the mountain, he also killed other people so that it could be an accident, then Alice says that maybe Adam killed Adele and buried him in front of that statue. Both of them go to the statue to check. Deborah says, this time. She had sent him those letters because she wanted to warn him. Adam, on the other hand, goes to Deborah's house and sees a picture of both Adele and Alice's statues. He understands. Alice has left the statue with Deborah, so he also goes after her. On the other hand, both of them start digging the ground. He found the dead body of a girl, and had a necklace around her neck. She understands, as Deborah gave it to her. This murder was done by Deborah, not by adam. Deborah confirms that he killed Adele, and that accident on the mountain also happened because of him. Deborah says it was necessary to kill Adam's girlfriends because Deborah likes Adam since childhood, does. She thinks Adam is just her. In childhood, both of them had also become intimate in front of this statue. Deborah says that, I have killed all the girlfriends of Adam, and now it is your turn to kill, saying that she attacks Alice, but then Adam comes there, and Alice saves it. Adam tells Deborah that whatever happened between them in childhood was a mistake, and he already suspected Deborah that he had committed the murders, so he did not believe in her. Now Deborah also attacks him, and then Alice shoots him with flare gun. On the spot, he dies. The next morning, the police comes and takes Adam with them, after that, 2 years pass, and these people meet at the airport. but these people do not talk to each other. and the movie ends here. 