[Music]. welcome to slash forward. prepare to make a big batch of trouser chili as we continue exploring the conjuring universe with La Llorona, also released in 2019. let's get to it. we open in Mexico, 1673. we see a couple of dapper young peasant boys gift their mama a necklace before playing hide and seek, extreme wilderness challenge. the younger brother eventually wins by finding his mother, but immediately wishes he hadn't. flash-forward in 1973, where we witness a chaotic but well choreographed mourning as the family attempts to make the bus but in vain. this turns out to be a recurring theme for Ana, and so some of her CPS caseload has been transferred to Donna as a reward for her punctuality. Ana manages to retain the Alvarez family her personal favorites, and finds the situation deteriorated. she manages the talk her way in and observes some unusual behavior, but no kids. mrs. Alvarez wants her to stay clear of the door, and tries to hammer the point home without ever explaining why. so when the officer drags her off. and Ana comes out of the scuffle with the key. she frees the boys, who actually seem to prefer their privacy. that night the shelter, Thomas goes blinking down the hallways while Carlos tries to catch up with his bro Oh, what you pointing at? I see. Ana gets a call and arrives on scene with her kids in tow. we learned the boys were found in the river, and mrs. Alvarez blames Ana, finally mentioning the name la Llorona. when Chris gets out to do some junior detective work, he's drawn in by some faint crying. that's 80% likely to be a junkie with a rusty knife. he kind of Luck's out that it's not, except he's also now cursed. at the boys funeral, Ana's greeted by father Perez, who's never met a stranger. he doesn't like to explain things to so she asks him about the legend of La Llorona. he explains that to hurt her husband, who cheated on her, she killed their children. then realized that kind of hurts her as well. so now she roams the shadow realm looking for proxy children to drown to his swage her pain. the next day, Samantha has her own interaction with the specter, who tries to lead her to the water before burning her. little Ana finds her crying and injured, but unwilling to talk. that evening, detective Cooper comes by to seek out some help, hoping that mrs. Alvarez is anger toward Ana will get her to admit something, since she has an otherwise solid alibi for when her kids would have been killed. as she reviews the case files, she notices a connection between injuries on the boys and her kids. and the house fills with a spooky energy, and I hear some banging noises. and wanders through her palatial California estate. turns out it was just Chris sleepwalking. however, she puts him to bed and finds more evidence of a presence. there's someone in here. if you're a spirit you have to tell me. she's confronted, but manages to repel the ghost with shrieking. and then her children come to check on mommy's degrading emotional state. Danny goes to the jail the next day looking like garbage from her all-nighter, with a new agenda of asking mrs. Alvarez to tell her some ghost stories, and she obliges. Wow, gone Chris. here's a faint crying sound. and goes to check on his sister. she's not there, and her curtains. end up flirting with him a bit, but come on, too strong, right? as Ana gets home requiring medical treatment, and is forced to take him to the hospital and risk being confronted by a mandatory reporter, she ends up on the receiving end of a welfare check, all administered by people with whom she shares a professional relationship. no one tells him it was a ghost though, so she's gonna have that report hanging over her head. on the way out. Cooper confirms they had to release mrs. Alvarez due to a lack of evidence. so at least Ana knows she's unlikely to go down when her children are eventually murdered. Ana tries to get Chris to open up, while Sam has a moment of respite, enjoying a normal everyday activity, a bubble bath with a deep-tissue Scout massage from mommy Llorona. things start out well, but she proves to be over committed to the rince aunt arrives just in time to get her out safely, while Chris just stands there and points at something. come on, use your words. they run to father Perez, but fear he may not believe them. he confirms, after his experience with Annabelle, he'll basically believe anything. he offers to pencil them in with the archdiocese in several weeks, who recommends a freelancer if they need faster results. they almost get caught up in a matter of conflicting responsibilities, as Raphael immediately refers them back to the church. when sam says the magic word, he gathers his trinkets and goes to their home. a quick egg test confirms an abundance of dark energy in the house. Raphael said the eggs would be filled with blood and equal measure to the presence of evil. so who knows what this black goo is meant to indicate. they all set the moon and hang out until they get indications of lava in his presence, in this case, manifested by what sounds like bringing Christmas decorations down from the Attic, she makes short work of their protections, coming in WWE style. then she goes for some classic ghosting, dragging Chris through the house before Raphael repels her and blocks her out with fire tree. scene. she focuses her attention on the back, giving Sam an opportunity to retrieve her dolly from the front porch. perhaps the danger hasn't been sufficiently expressed to you. when she snatched, they go to confront Llorona in the pool. Raphael blesses the water in the name of Ponderosa, and we learned that Anna is very talented at snatch and hoes jewelry in the middle of a scuffle. after a bit, a new threat emerges when mrs. Alvarez shows up and unblocks the doorway, hoping that sacrificing and his children will bring back hers. and Llorona decides to get serious, just wanting to drown some damn kids. Chris and Sam find themselves alone upstairs, where the Rona continues to demonstrate her mastery of doors. so they end up in the attic where they're able to hold her off just long enough for Anna to get there and express her maternal love with a heart stabbed from a fire tree crucifix, causing her to dissipate. the next morning, they send Raphael off in a cabin get back to normal life. and that was the curse of La Llorona, a story about a mother's undying love and devotion to her children, and another's unending guilts, rage and thirst for vengeance due to her own actions. so it's kind of a neutral message. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 