cinema synopses, spoiler alert [Music]. eons ago, bore, father of Odin, clashes with the Dark Elf Malekith, who seeks to unleash a weapon known as the either on the nine realms, an ancient force of infinite destruction. after conquering malakas forces, including enhanced warriors called the cursed on their homeworld, of spouts that hype, bore safeguards the either within a stone column, but ash god, the weapon from his grasp. unbeknownst to bore, Malekith, his lieutenant, algerie mia, and a handful of Dark Elves escaped into suspended animation. in present-day Asgard, Loki stands imprisoned for his war crimes on earth. meanwhile, Thor, alongside warriors Thunder time for stuff and SIF, repel Marauders on vanaheim, home of their comrade huqin. it is the final battle in a war to pacify the nine realms. following the reconstruction of the by post, the Rainbow Bridge between realms, which had been destroyed two years earlier, the Asgardian soon learned that the convergence, a rare alignment of the nine realms, is imminent. as the event approaches, portals linking the worlds appear at random. in London, astrophysicist dr. Jane Foster and her intern, Darcy Lewis, traveled to an abandoned Factory where such portals have appeared, disrupting the laws of physics around them. separating from the group, Jane is teleported to another world where she is infected by the either Heimdall alerts Thor that Jane has moved beyond his near all-seeing vision, leading Thor to earth. when Thor finds Jane, inadvertently releases an unearthly force, and Thor returns with her to Asgard. Odin, recognizing the ether, warns that the ether will not only kill Jane, but that its return heralds a catastrophic prophecy. it changes matter into dark matter. Malekith, awakened by the ethers release, turns I him into a cursed an, attacks Asgard. you might want to take the stairs to the left. during the battle, Malekith and I ogre him search for Jane, sensing that she contains the either Thor's mother, Frigga, is killed protecting Jane. and my lackeys and our team are forced to flee without Jane, despite Odin's orders not to leave Asgard. Thor reluctantly enlists the help of Loki, who knows of a secret portal to survive time, where they will use Jane to learn and confront Malekith away from Asgard. Malekith, in return, Thor promises Loki vengeance on Malekith for killing their mother. I know you seek vengeance as much as I do. with verse, tag and sip stalling Asgardian soldiers and Fondren assisting their escape. Thor, Loki and Jane had to spark a fight. good. let's go. okay, you may fail. I like her. you know this planet. you're just gonna get us killed. they're low key tricks Malekith into drawing the ether out of Jane. I am Loki of Jotunheim, and I bring you a gift. but Thor's attempt to destroy the exposed substance fails. Bala key merges with the ether and leaves in his ship, as Loki is fatally wounded while killing I could see you in Hell muster. Thor, cradling Loki in his arms, promises to tell their father of his sacrifice afterwards. Thor and Jane discover another portal in a nearby cave and reunite in London with Darcy and Jane's mentor, dr. Erik Selvig, who is briefly institutionalized due to the mental trauma he suffered during Loki's attack on earth. they learn that Malekith plans to restore the Dark Elves to dominance by unleashing the ether at the center of the convergence in Greenwich. for battles maliki through various portals and across multiple worlds, until one portal separate, leaving molecule unopposed on earth. Thor returns in time to help his mortal comrades use their scientific equipment to transport Malekith, disembarked on Hydra where he is crushed by his own damaged ship. Thor returns to Asgard, where he declines Odin's offer to take the throne and tells Odin of Loki's sacrifice. father, I cannot be king of Asgard. loki died with honor. i should try to live this as he leaves, Odin's form transforms into loki, who is alive and impersonating odin in a mid-credits scene for stag and SIF visit the collector and entrust the either to his care, why commenting that having two Infinity stones so close together would be unwise. as they leave, the collector states his desire to acquire the other five stones. in a post-credits scene, Jane and Thor reunite on earth, while somewhere in London, a frost monster from Jotunheim, accidentally transported to earth during the final battle, continues to run amok. keep watching for some great Easter eggs. in trivia from Thor, dark world, Thor accidentally destroys a statue of his grandfather, Bor, and Loki wisecracks that he killed him. in the Marvel Comics, Thor ended up killing his grandfather as part of a deception by Loki. Stone creature Thor fights is a cronin an alien being that appeared in Thor's first comic, journey into mystery, number 83, Bala Keith's Thunder burned face is an homage to the classic John Byrne design of the character, whose face was half purple in the comics. the star burst on his chest armor was also a nod to the original comic design. can I have my shoe back. Stan Lee makes his cameo as the man who asks dr. Selvig for his shoe back when dr. Selvig is in the mental ward. explaining the convergence theory, the aether is identified by the collector to be an infinity gem. it's red color identifies it as the gem of power. however, according to James Gunn, the gem of power is the one that appears in guardians of the galaxy in 2014. [Music] 