mac's story. here i will summarize the storyline of the movie entitled four brothers, which was released in 2005. enjoy watching. the film begins by showing evelyn, who is scolding him adopted daughter because she was found to have stolen a chocolate evelyn also gave a lesson to adopted child. she told the store cashier to call the police to arrest the child. it looks like the boy is starting to get scared because he doesn't want to go to jail. evelyn then asked the boy to take responsibility for what he had done. finally, the boy apologized and said that he would no longer steal anything. and evelyn then decided to forgive adopted son and told him to go home. after his son came home, she started looking for groceries to buy for thanksgiving. but while he was picking his turkey of choice, two armed and masked men suddenly appeared at the store. evelyn panicked and immediately tried to hide behind the food rack. after the robbers managed to take the money, they shot at the cashier, and it made evelyn scream. evelyn's screams were apparently heard by the robbers, so she caught and shot dead. after the murder, almost everyone in detroit joined in burying evelyn because they knew very well how good evelyn always spreads. then the police officers started to name evelyn's four adopted children one by one, beginning with bobby mercer, evelyn's first adopted son, who is very brutal and criminal. he even got entangled with some bookies. then the second one is jerry mercer, a man who is well known and has never done anything criminal. the third is jack mercer, the youngest child, who looks very innocent. hearing that a police officer named green only mentioned three children, his partner confused. and finally green explained that evelyn's third child would not be coming to the funeral, the boy named as angel, a dangerous dealer who is highly respected by several gangs. then evelyn's adopted daughter hugged each other and encouraged each other because they had not seen each other for a long time. the funeral was held at residence of jerry, who is known as the only successful adopted child of evelyn. after the funeral was over, they decided to regroup at their adoptive mother's residence. when bobby had just opened the door, someone suddenly stood up, who turned out to angel. they finally shook hands and started talking. bobby leaves the house and he arranges which rooms his siblings have to fill, while he will fill in evelyn's former room. just as they were in their respective rooms, a very deep sense of sadness emerged, especially for bobby. when people saw that he was very strong at the funeral, but when he got to his mother's house, he burst into tears like a child. then after he finished crying, bobby approached his youngest brother, jack, who was playing his favorite musical instrument, the guitar. then he invited jack to come out and gather in the dining room. after everyone had gathered, jerry suddenly had an idea to cook a turkey in memory of their mother. finally, jerry decided to go shopping, while angel asked permission to say goodbye to outside. for a moment, all of his siblings knew very well what angel would do in the middle of the night like this, but angel dodged it. he said that he would not meet a woman tonight. but suddenly showed angel, who was carrying a woman running away from a house. [Music]. angel seen with a woman avoiding a car that was chasing the two of them. in the morning, they were back together at the dinner table with the turkey meat that was ready for them to eat. before starting the program, bobby led his younger siblings to pray and pray for their adoptive mother. after the prayer session was over, they began to eat the existing dishes. as the children was eating their meal, they stared at the empty chair that their mother used to sit on. you can see jack, angel, jerry and bobby reminiscing about how their mother often scolded and warned each other about their behavior. because he couldn't bear to think about his mother all the time. bobby finally invited all his younger siblings to play skee-ball, like what they used to play often. they went to one of evelyn's lawyers to retrieve the inheritance their mother had given them. the lawyer also gave a box containing several birth certificates belonging to jerry and jack, but no birth certificates belonging to bobby or angel, and a sum of money, which bobby immediately distributed. after their mother's inheritance money distributed, they decided to go to a bar to enjoy a bottle of drink. but unexpectedly, one of their acquaintances at the bar gave them some information about a witness who saw what happened the night their mother killed. because jerry is a character, good boy, he decided not to join the conversation and left the table. finally, their acquaintance gave him the information he knew. after that, bobby jack and angel immediately prepared some weapons and went to the place where the witness of their mother's life. when they got there, the mercer immediately started to mess up. they pretended to cops and chased away everyone who was partying. then went to the place where the founder of the party was, and, without much to say, beat him up. bobby gagged the man's mouth and asked him to say something. the man in black, who didn't know anything, finally said something. he replied that there were no eyewitnesses. the lights on the basketball court near the supermarket where evelyn killed, had gone out just before 10 o'clock. bobby looked at the clock he was wearing, and then he took the man to prove if what he said was true. when they got there, it turned out that the lights on the basketball court were still on, even though it was already 10 o'clock. finally, bobby immediately ordered angel to bring the man to kill him. but suddenly the basketball court lights went out, and finally, the man survived. not satisfied with the clues they had just been looking for, the mercer decided to head to the supermarket the next day. they talked to the supermarket owner, and they were even shown cctv footage showing the moments where evelyn killed [Music]. when evelyn's children saw the cctv footage, they immediately burst into tears and couldn't hold back their emotions when they saw evelyn being brutally murdered. then the supermarket owner said that after the murder, the police spoke for a long time with a man who was black, had afro hair and had a dog. the man is known be a basketball player. without seeing or tracking the person mentioned by the shop owner, bobby immediately returned to an indoor basketball court where a game was being held. without fear, bobby came into the middle of the field and stopped the game. he then grabbed the ball and pulled out a gun. then bobby explained that he was looking for a man who suspected of being a witness to his mother's murder. when bobby said this, a man suddenly looked scared and immediately got out of the audience seat. and luckily it noticed by jack, who immediately chased after him. finally, the man caught after angel framed him. when they find the man they're looking for, jack signals bobby to stop the mess. finally, bobby said goodbye, then he went into a room to question the man. while frightened, the man said that the man bobby was looking for was his cousin named damian. then bobby thanked the man and told him to get back to enjoying the game. the mercer immediately went to damian's residence to question him again. while the mercer were waiting for any sign of damian's presence, jack suddenly pointed to someone they thought was the person they were looking for. bobby immediately got out of the car and brandished a gun. seeing a foreign man brandishing a gun, damian panicked and directly entered his house. finally, a chase took place, which required bobby to catch damian. but when bobby was about to stop damian, he had to deal with two vicious dogs that damien released. the two dogs immediately bit bobby, who asked angel for help. meanwhile, damian prepared a rope to try to escape through the window. but his efforts were in vain when bobby rescued by angel and immediately pursued damian's whereabouts. damian, who was holding his weight on a rope at that time, tried to keep shooting upwards while lowering himself slowly. but bobby is a clever man. he unhesitatingly cut the rope that damien used to escape until he finally fell. damian looked helpless after falling from a height. meanwhile, the mercer immediately asked about the person who killed his mother. at first, damian didn't want to say anything, and instead tried to cover up the case about the murder, until finally bobby threatened to leave damien in the snow with a broken left leg with a protruding bone. bobby immediately invited angel and jack to leave damien, who would slowly die if the ambulance didn't come soon. on the way, bobby bets with angel, if damian will tell the truth, and it's true, that they don't have long to walk damien suddenly calls and says that he will tell the place where the perpetrator of evelyn's murder is. after damien told that the three of them went straight to a bar. as soon as they arrived, two people enjoying a drink seemed to know they were in danger. they immediately preceded the first shot at the mercer and then tried to escape in a car. bobby decides to take his car and goes to chase the two of them. there was a chase in the middle of the night, and a blizzard was coming down. bobby asks angel to keep shooting at their enemy's car so they can catch him. luckily, angel's shot hit one of the shoulders of the man trying to escape. and the chase ended when bobby managed to stop their car by crashing into it. after their enemy's car overturned, bobby and angel immediately took the killer out of their mother and beat her to death. they both end the battle by shooting their mother's killer under the pretext of revenge. while jack could only silent watching his two adoptive brothers kill someone. the next day, when bobby being treated by angel's lover, two police officers suddenly came to their mother's house, and it turned out that the police were green and fowler. the two of them immediately asked bobby some questions, including bobby's arm, which looked injured. bobby reasoned that it was an injury he got while playing skee-ball. but bobby suddenly fell silent when green showed him a piece of evidence, namely his hair, which was found between the two bodies that died horribly. bobby evades and says that green is only making false witnesses, like what he told the mercer when his mother killed. in the end, the investigation stopped and bobby acquitted of all charges. after green and fowler leave their residence, bobby decides to find out more about the clues they just got. however, this time the investigation conducted by the mercer family only involved two people, namely jack and bobby. because angel had a momentary business with her lover. when angel was making out, someone suddenly knocked on his door, and it turned out to the mercer family insurance. the man also gave evidence showing how one of evelyn's adopted children, jerry, paid for all of his brother's insurance at a very high cost. and of course, it raised suspicions on the insurers, because they knew that jerry involved in bankruptcy on his project. hearing this, angel was really surprised, because he didn't expect that jerry, who had looked rich all this time, was actually known to be bankrupt, 