[Music], hey everyone. welcome back to movie recap. my name is silvera. today i'm going to show you a 2010 american psychological thriller film called mother's day. an unknown woman enters a hospital and goes to the maternity ward dressed as a nurse. she passes a security guard who asks for identification. she ignores him and takes the elevator. she then grabs a baby and tries to leave, only to be stopped by the security guard. he tries to reason with the unknown woman, only to be stabbed in the neck by an unseen man. earlier, beth sahapi is having a birthday party for her husband, daniel sahapi, with the help of their friends, married couple treshan and gina jackson. meanwhile, three brothers, ike adley and johnny coffin, are on the run from the law after a bank robbery gone wrong. johnny, the youngest, has been shot and has his brothers panicking. the brothers decide to head for home so that their mother can provide them with a getaway. back at the house, dave lowe and his fiancee, annette langston. george barnum and his girlfriend, melissa maguire and daniel's co-worker and friend, julie ross, arrive and are also celebrating daniel's birthday. the news reports a tornado is heading their way, and the basement is tornado proof. the three brothers reach their mother's home and find that their mother is nowhere to be found and that their stuff has been replaced. hadley begins to freak out. daniel, thinking it's his friend charlie who has found a way in, goes upstairs to greet him, only to be attacked by the brothers. they learn that beth and daniel now own the house after their mother lost the house on a foreclosure. as they are ready to flee the home, beth appears from the basement, confused and not knowing what she is seeing. beth flees, but only reaches the front lawn before ike drags her back inside. adley and ike begin to bicker, and beth tells them that george is a doctor. ike makes her bring george upstairs and threatens to kill daniel if she tries to trick him without alerting her friends. beth asks george for help, who is quickly forced to help johnny. ike gets a phone call from his sister, lydia, who informs him that she and their mother are now living in an rv and will be on their way to the house. just as ike hangs up, julie emerges from the basement and is chas backed down by adley, who forces them down on the ground. julie tries to run out the basement boars, but hadley pulls her and she knocks herself out. ike brings beth and daniel downstairs and tells adley to stay calm as ike begins to assist george. adley stays downstairs, harassing the hostages by pretending to rape the net and taking dave's wig. after a while, lydia pulls over, and the brother's mother, natalie coffin appears and is angry at ike for losing their emergency phone. she also tells him that she has someone who will cross them across the border to canada, but it will cost them ten thousand 000. natalie is taken to the basement and meets the hostages. initially, she is nice to the hostages, thanking george for saving her son, and even tells lydia to assist him. she also apologizes to the hostages for her children's mistake, explaining it is all a misunderstanding and she will be leaving in the morning after johnny gets better. she learns that her sons have been sending her money every month since she lost the house. she tries to ask beth and daniel politely for the money, but after they tell her that they have no idea of what she is talking about, she thinks that they are hiding it, and tries to get them to cave by forcing adley and ike to break daniel's hand. afterwards, natalie robs the hostages and makes them write down their atm pin numbers, as she tells beth to go with ike to withdraw all the money from their debit cards. melissa quickly gets up and runs upstairs, with hadley going after her. as she reaches the door, george attacks sadly, but is hit in the face with the gun. a frightened melissa runs to the front door and is shot in the face. after they load melissa into the trunk, beth and ike take off, leaving natalie and adley to clean up the mess, while lydia siffens the hostage's gas. after cleaning the mess, natalie confronts adley for hurting annette. he breaks down as his mother punishes him. george wakes up and is told that his life depends on johnny, while he threatens to kill johnny if anything happens to his friends. meanwhile, i can bet stop at a dumpster where ike forces beth to throw melissa over after they find it to be locked. back at the house, george notices that lydia seems to have some issues and has issues with adley. downstairs in the basement, the hostages begin to split into two groups, as one wants to fight back, while the other wants to listen to the family. lydia then appears and takes a net upstairs where she is forced to serve ice cream. she quickly realizes that george is still alive and that natalie just wants to protect her children. beth and ike pull over at an atm, where beth begins to withdraw the money, when two young party girls, vicky rice and jenna luther, pull up in their car and get in line behind them, mocking beth for taking so long. while i tries to get the women to go to another atm, beth tries to get vicki's attention and warns her to leave. but before the two girls can, ike realizes what is going on and holds them hostage. ike then teaches beth a lesson by giving the girls one knife and telling them that whoever kills the other will get to live. vicky picks the knife up, but quickly drops it after jenna pleads. ike then decides to kill them both. so jenna kills vicki. jenna hears an ambulance and runs towards it, but is shot down by ike in the process. back at house, annette tries to get the others to listen, as natalie is only helping her sons, only to be ignored by tresham. in the dump two sanitation workers pull over and find a whimpering melissa behind the dumpster and call the police. lydia is in the restroom trying to wash off some blood from her shirt. when george walks in, he finds her pills on the floor, and she informs him that she must take them because of her sensitive skin. george tells her that the pills are sugar and learned she never saw a doctor and was also home schooled. he then tells her that her mother lied to have lydia cover herself up so that boys don't notice her. he gives her his shirt and she takes it. just as natalie walks in on them, she warns george to stay away from her. as they hear the news, police officer pulls over and deadly forces daniel to send the officer away, threatening to hurt beth. daniel cooperates with the officer and sends him away. after being sent downstairs, natalie realizes daniel is a good liar and tells lydia to look for the money downstairs. there, lydia finds a valentine's day card to julie from daniel. meanwhile, i tells beth that they don't have enough money. so beth tells him how tree shawn owns a dry cleaners. ike gives beth the phone and calls tree shawn to ask him for the safe spas code treshawn does so, and also tells beth he has a gun in the cabinet. as johnny begins to bleed, he breaks down to his mother and tells her he doesn't want to die a virgin, breaking his mother's heart. george, who asked to get cleaned up, finds lydia and asks who queenie is, a name he heard earlier. a scared lydia tells him the story of queenie, a monster who her mother says lives in the woods and punishes bad kids. although she doesn't believe the story, she is still traumatized by the sounds she hears outside. down in the basement, the hostages are trying to keep calm when adley comes down the stairs and tells them that one of the women is getting lucky by popping his younger brother's joystick. as he asks who they choose to send upstairs, everyone turns their back on julie, so adley drags her upstairs. an angry tree shawn grabs a pool stick and runs after them, but mother quickly brings julie back downstairs, stating she is not worthy of her son, and quickly lays her eyes on gina. after tree shawn tries to be the strong man, she finds gina perfect and tells adley to take gina upstairs, who breaks down and tells them that dave works at a bank, and he and the net are not friends of hers nor tree shawn's mother natalie, not knowing who to pick, forces tree shawn and dave to fight, and the losers woman will be forced upstairs. as the two men decline, she threatens to take both women. as adley plays the song, wakadu. dave and tree shawn fight as their women cheer for them not to give up. treyshawn ends up winning, and annette is dragged upstairs by adley. back upstairs, johnny has stopped breathing, and george is trying to convince lydia to change her mind, as she is not like her family. but lydia shows she loves her family and will not turn against them. as johnny is revived, adley walks in with a net and calls his mother. lydia notices what is going on and warns her mother that what she plans to do is not right. but mother tells lydia that they are lying to them and are hiding the money at the dry cleaners. beth mixes the combination numbers to buy some time at getting tree shawn's gun. after ike opens the safe and gets the money, beth gets the gun and points it a dike. as he gives her the cell phone. ike reaches for the gun, and beth hits him in the head with an iron. she runs and hides in the clothes. after finding the doors locked. ike begins taunting her while she is on hold with the police. as she reaches the police, ike catches her. back at the house, mother is makes a net change into something more decent. while looking through a box, which contains pictures of a boy and various newspaper articles, it is concluded daniel and beth have been having problems after their son was run over. annette pleads that she believed mother that no one would be hurt, but mother ignores her pleads and takes her to johnny. as george tries to protect annette, lydia is forced to take him away, where they try to tune out the screams. annette is forced to strip for johnny, as mother forces annette to touch johnny, who seems to feel pity for a net. as they are about to begin, johnny wounds begin to bring pain, and annette is forced downstairs to the basement. after george tells her to go to the gold box downstairs. trishawn is able to unlock the basement doors, but is forced to retrieve back when adley bursts downstairs with the net. he taunts dave by smacking annette's butt, which causes dave to attack adley, as gina runs to open the basement doors tree. shawn runs to help dave, only for adley to accidentally shoot dave in the face, causing it to explode. as adley apologizes, a hysterical lynette runs to her dead boyfriend, while mother notices gina is escaping. mother turns to daniel and threatens to kill beth if he doesn't bring gina back. ignoring trishawn's pleads, daniel runs after gina, who has found no help as the tornado is getting closer. gina hears daniel and pleads for him to go with her, as mother will not let any of them live. daniel declines and tries to get gina to go back with him, who doesn't agree and tries to run away. daniel grabs her, but gina squeezes his broken hand before fleeing after an ambulance. daniel takes off after her and pushes her down. elsewhere at the hospital, melissa is rushed into the er, but is unable to say what has happened to her. as they have drugged her. the tornado has brought a heavy storm. and ike and beth are almost at the house when officer skate pulls them over, citing that he is forced to bring people to a shelter. beth lets him know that she and her husband are on their way home, which is less than a mile away. beth gives sca the insurance, which includes her and daniel's name. skay sees the insurance and understands that beth is being held hostage. he tricks ike by confusing beth and daniel's last name. so happy and so happy, ike falls for the confusion and scam makes him turn off the car. ike, knowing the officer is on to him, gets out of the car and shoots sk down. he makes beth drive, but then makes her run over sk as he is wearing a vest. but beth flips the car over at the last minute. meanwhile, gina wakes up in the basement with mother standing over her, badly boiling water and lydia pointing a gun at her. mother lets gina know that she will have to be punished. mother gets out of sight, and tree shawn is now tied up in a column with plastic wrap. mother informs gina that she will be punished by punishing tree shawn instead of her. hadley gets the boiling water and burns trishawn's ears. the hot water also goes into his eyes. julie, annette and daniel watch this in horror as they are also tied up in a column with plastic wrap. gina also watches in horror, not being able to do anything, as lydia points a gun at her. the whole time, back at the storm, skay gets up, being slightly injured, and goes to bethsaid beth is injured and lets skay know that ike is not moving. as skay approaches to help beth, ike opens his eyes and points the gun at skay's forehead before pulling the trigger. as beth cries, mother begins to walk around, thinking for a way to make daniel give up the money. when she finds the box with his son's memories and takes it to daniel where she taunts him with them. daniel cries as mother burns a picture and asks for the money. daniel cries that he doesn't have it, angering mother, who continues to burn all of his stuff. mother then turns to julie and makes adley drop liquor on her head before burning her head. mother then quickly goes to julie and puts the fire out, stating that marriage is sacred. as she goes upstairs, mother begins to question whether she was doing wrong, torturing an innocent so she begins to look around for the money. gina, now tied up with plastic wrap on the floor, finds a way to get up. she turns on the chimney and puts her bound hands through it, burning the plastic wrap off. she unties herself and quickly goes to tree shawn. at the hospital, melissa is able to wake up during operation and warns the doctor that beth is in trouble. the doctors get the police. meanwhile, annette remembers the gold box that george told her about and tells gina to open it. as gina opens it and finds knives. mother finds a painting in the restroom. she grabs it and finds all the money that her sons have been sending her inside it. she orders adley to bring daniel upstairs. adley goes to the basement and finds tree shawn missing. but before he can react daniel attacks him, and gina puts plastic wrap over his face. daniel and annette then take turns stabbing him as he apologizes for what he has done. julie is also about to stab him, but drops him showing remorse. tree shawn, now half deaf and blind, grabs adley's gun and goes upstairs to try and kill mother. gina goes after him, trying to stop him, but tree shawn does not hear her. she surprises tree shawn, who reacts quickly and shoots her in the side. as he realizes what he did, mother shoots him dead. mother goes to the basement and finds adley dead. she calls ike and makes daniel say goodbye to beth, as he lets beth know he is sorry. mother shoots daniel dead as beth listens and breaks down. mother then tells ike that hadley is dead and to bring beth home. ike then begins to grieve his brother's death. back at the house, lydia ties julie and annette with plastic wrap. again. george begins to tell mother that none of her kids look like one another and look nothing like her. mother, enraged, threatens to kill him, but lydia convinces her that they need george i can. beth then burst through the front door, and mother lets ike know beth and daniel had the money all along, and makes george and lydia help ike take johnny to the rv. mother reveals to julian annette that beth was the one who hid the money and is the one responsible for all their friends deaths. beth then reveals that she was hiding the money for the baby that she will have. she also reveals she knew daniel was cheating and wanted to leave him. mother, now, enraged, makes her take a pregnancy test in the rv. i tells george he must now shoot george as they don't need him anymore. but lydia pleads that he can come with him. ike agrees and turns to jonny as george is going to thank lydia, johnny shoots him dead, stating that he knows george will somehow find a way to tell the police. lydia exits the rv and breaks down. beth takes the pregnancy test and it comes out positive. mother tells beth that she is lucky to have life in her belly, as she turns. beth grabs the toilet lid and knocks out mother, before going to annette and julie. she unties a net and tells her about a rifle in the garage. while beth unties julie, ike exits the rv and goes looking for lydia. after beth unties julie, who reveals to beth she was daniel's mistress. annette gets the rifle, but finds it to be empty. beth runs to the garage, while julie says they should run for it. she goes to the front door, finds lydia and closes the door before running after beth. julie runs into ike, who is aiming a shotgun at her. she closes the door and tries to run away, but half her face is blown off as ike shoots her in the garage. beth and annette try looking for bullets, but are forced to hide when they hear ike coming. ike begins to look for them, but they attack him. he is able to grab beth, but annette shoots him in the face with a nail gun. they make a run for it, but i could tax them again. they begin to choke him before filling his face with drano and then dropping a television on his face. the two hear mother coming. annette goes looking for help, while beth faces mother. mother, now filled with rage that her oldest son is dead, goes after beth. the two fight, and mother is able to knock beth down. mother begins filling the house with gasoline and lights it on fire. just as beth wakes up, she grabs a cutting board and knocks out mother with it. she goes outside. just as the firefighters reach the house, she hugs a net. just as the firefighters find a survivor, they find gina, who is severely injured. beth tells the firefighters that mother is still inside, but the firefighters find no one as the house burns down. months later, beth's water has broke, and she is taken to the hospital by annette, gina and melissa. that night, beth wakes up to the emergency alarms going off. she gets up and goes to check on her son, who is now missing. beth screams in horror that her infant son is gone. in the final scene, mother, natalie, is revealed to be alive and well, and was, in fact, the woman at the beginning, who broke into the maternity ward, and johnny was the unseen doctor who killed the security guard. lydia is driving the rv while mother natalie sings beth's baby a lullaby. and telling lydia and johnny that they have a new member to the family, implying that she has gotten her final, twisted and cruel back at your revenge against beth by abducting her baby and will raise it as her own in a life of crime, murder and other debauchery. thanks for watching. see you in another movie. recap, please like and subscribe and click the bell icon to get new video update. have a nice day. you 