[Music]. this is a movie recap named sightless. it's a drama, thriller movie from 2020. she is in hospital now, being taken care by omar. after they've removed bandages, he is confused why she can't see. doctor explained to her that damage is now irreversible. and she started crying. ellen remembered someone attacked her. it was a male and her violin is stolen. ellen have a brother named easton. he will hire someone named clayton to help her with a new lifestyle. she wakes up in a new apartment, and clayton will help her with cooking, cleaning and everything to make her life easier. but ellen hate this new place. it's empty to her and doesn't feel like home. she had a nightmare, and now she thinks she is bleeding, but it was just a water clayton gave her a present. he said, the color is baby blue. ellen said, how can she hear loud and clear on this window, but on the other one there is nothing? clayton said, this glass is thicker. ellen is divorced, and she doesn't know who would want to hurt her. clayton prepared lunch, and he is talking about positive things in life. she heard someone at the door and tried to call for help, but it was nothing. and she goes back to sleep. but then she heard some voices. it was men and women from the other room. clayton said, her senses went into overdrive. ellen left a note to a neighbor apartment. clayton said that every client requires from him to another person, so he have to be a different person for all of this people. he is explaining what is happening outside and what is out there. ellen wants to see how he looks. neighbor is coming with a note ellen has left. her name is lana. ellen finds out that voices she heard, it was lana husband beats her. and lana said, trust nobody. she run away. he is coming. she said to clayton about it. he met her husband. and it seems nice. every other day there is the same car outside with the same alarm. everything seems like a pattern. she even thought about overdose for a moment. lana is here. ellen wants to apologize, but when she gets closer, it was lana husband. he followed her into apartment, and he is threatening her. clayton will help, but also he admits he have feelings for her. he tried to kiss her. but ellen only needs support and to figure out what is happening about him and neighbors. someone get in her apartment and it's not responding to her. she gets scared. maybe it's the same neighbor, but it was the same man who attacked her on the street. cameras show no one was here tonight except her. being sightless, perception won't always be reality. she can live like this anymore. walk to a window and jumped. but there is some space designed special if she wants to harm herself. she gets back and everything is different now. elevator is locked. there is no escape. there are hidden cameras, and this place is built for ellen. clayton is trying to convince her, this all a part of the treatment. ellen doesn't trust him like before. clayton gives her a present, and he said back in two blinks, not two times, the same like everyone else included in her treatment. she remembered what lana said about not trusting anyone. and ellen realized it was all him doing this, acting with different personalities. dropped the glass and hit clayton and head twice. got the keys and hoped to leave this place. lana said, there is only one way out, the vent. in his room also, clayton is her brother. he finds ellen. everything changed the day his mother died. his dad locked him into the cell. for three and a half years, only thing he could hear was ellen playing the violin. ellen was light to him. this place is built for her. all the personalities clayton have now, he built them when he was locked with himself. and he said he is controlling them. ellen attacked him and found the poison and made him blindness. now he is asking for her sister to stay, but they left him alone. ellen is now free to go. six months later, she is having a live performance. 