hey everyone. hey, and welcome back to yet another episode of watching The Watchmen. slight deviation from normal, course, we're not talking about Watchmen, but we are talk about Alan Moore, which, I think it's a fair trade. someone who I've just started worshipping recently. like, I've always been a fan, but I bought loads of his stuff over the Christmas period. I've been reading a biography on him, death. he's my goddamn hero. why? there's a death to his storytelling? there's some sort of, like, secondary, tertiary layer to everything that he does that I just really admire. and yet, you know, from learning about this guy's, you know, life Northampton, born and bred, you know, I even want a boy like his, early 2,080. Doctor Who comics. I hate Doctor Who, but I would read an Alan Moore Doctor Who comic. nice. nice. oh, yeah, hey, Doctor Who. I want, this is getting really introspective already, of it. you could imagine a Dalek doing a Rorschach test or something about some early prototype. they're definitely in that world ending. but, um, you know, we'll get to more. how are you? man? yeah, I'm really good. man. my website went down this morning, so any panic in fixing that. but other than that, we're all good. definition decoder. UK, we buck up by the time you hear this. but, yeah, we've taken a little break, you know, not doing Doomsday Clock either. we're doing our first sort of official, this is not watchman sort of thing here. you know, Killing Joke was an obvious choice, I suppose. yeah. I mean, it's very much, what heralded as one of the greatest Batman stories ever told. and actually already reviewed it over at my website. I am, I don't want to give too much away, and I think of it, but it's, it's quite highly regarded by me as well. and pretty much it, I mean, I've never really met a comic book reader who doesn't like it. it shook up the DC Universe quite heavily by not only telling the Joker's origin story and but also placed one of Batman's major allies in a wheelchair. so it's got a lot of history to it. originally it was meant to be an else world story, I think, but it was so popular that they just decided to go with it and put it in the main cannon. yeah, yeah. and I think it was chronologically after Watchmen. the first thing I think he did afterwards on DC, at least. and can you imagine at the time, you've read Watchmen, and you're like, what the [ __ ] is this guy coming? oh, he's doing a Batman Joker story. yeah, you know. I mean, you'd be foaming to get this. yeah, art amazing, especially for me. and it's a great piece of work. every time I read it, I'm kind of surprised by how short it is. yes, I am. I always kind of remember in my head to be longer and more grandiose and intricate, but it's, on the surface, it's pretty much, it takes place over the space of about one night. and obviously it's thematically, it centers around how one bad day can turn you from the nicest guy in the world to an evil supervillain or a vigilante an hero. and it's, it's really, it's really concise. there's not really much time wasted in it. and it's just a nice book. and its influence cannot be understated. not only is it a fantastic story, as you say, a one-shot, highly influential in the comic world, highly influential on the film world, you know, yeah, him. but I mentioned it Christopher Nolan said, you know, it's certain influence of the version of Joker in the Dark Knight. Heath Ledger apparently given a copy. didn't read it, though. yeah. so, yeah, I wouldn't say his performance was very heavily influenced by this book. I mean, perhaps the multiple past sure and backgrounds, but other than that, yeah, it's not, I wouldn't say it's massively influenced by it, no, but, I mean, it's just, you know, Batman is gritty, yes, sir, an extent though, like the, you know, we both love Grant Morrison's all-star Superman. wasn't there an all-star Batman? but he was like trash or something. i don't i'm not ready. um, yeah, there's an all-star Batman, and Robin the one I'm thinking of. yeah, yeah. and neither one's meant to be good at. make sure you read that. yeah. it's really, really good. I don't know why he decided to use a similar name, right? um, well, you know, all right. has had their ups and downs. I recently, I've just read um, action comics from the new 52, which, it was written by Grant Morrison. I just saw our, Wow, another Superman story. I'm starting off the universe by Grant Morrison. it's, it's gonna be as good as all-star Superman. it's, it's not good. it's pretty, it's pretty crap. mmm-hmm, yeah. which is a shame. what's wrong with it that it sounds perfect? you're just firing back here. um, yeah. it just kind of drops all the potential that he has. and Grant Morrison can be very creative and go off on it and do his own things. like, it starts off with Superman basically in jeans and a t-shirt with the letter with the Superman symbol on so, you know, it's a very updated design. he's also got the red cape. so it's just basically a guy, he's against the law, and he's taken down mobsters, but it all sort of quickly drops it for their alien invasion by Brainiac, and he gets his standard suit. and it just kind of just feels a bit of a waste. and, you know, we've spoken about Alan Moore a hell of a lot on this show. we'll continue to speak about him. at the moment, I'm actually reading top ten, which I'm not over the moon with. I don't mean to upset more fans. but I also bought the bo Geoffrey saga, which is kind of his coronation Street impersonation from the mid 80s. so nice yet to read that. that's very on. Watchmen nine panel is literally just like, you know, like sort of satirical cartoon in The Guardian. it's just sort of, yeah, Moore's musings on, you know, a vegetable patch that actually means nuclear war or, you know, there's some sort of obvious comparison there. but, yeah, Brian Bolland is the artist for this book. you know, it's similar to a Dave Gibbons. he is the co-star here. his art is incredible. I think he produces an, you know, fantastic book. he's a brilliant talent, right? yeah, he's really good. I think he's, you know what I've done gonna say who's better than Bo? you really good. he hasn't done that many Batman stories, and which is a shame. we tend to do a lot of variant covers, and, but his art works really realistic. and originally, like, one of the biggest controversies around this book is that it was actually recolored, sure. and so there was a first edition of it, and where the colors were kind of a knee and then Brian Bolland went back and recolored it for the deluxe edition. and, you know, I'll go into my thoughts later on it, on exactly what I think is better. but he does a really good job of bringing his work to life in a realistic manner um. and a lot of the, you know, the drawings that he does on near for realistic at points, is really, really good. and I think it just brings a whole grittiness and realism to this story. yeah, completely. I just checked on his Wikipedia. he's early series from him. it's called Camelot 3000. I need to read this. the series follows The Adventures of King arfer Merlin and the Rhian kites of the round table as they emerge in an overpopulated future world of 3000 AD to fight off an alien invasion. nice. come on, it's 3,000. yeah, I've seen is the front cover. if you've read Camelot 3000, leave us a comment. get in touch of us, as we're watching The Watchmen part at gmail.com. we have some great emails. we won't read any out today, but we've got tons of great watchmen emails to keep them coming. what you think on the issues? what you think on this indeed, really how in the future, you know, comment below as well. we'll put all the links in the description. but, um, The Killing Joke, death. we best get to The Killing Joke. yeah. I've got the deluxe edition. I don't know if you have, yeah. and it's got the, if you take away the dust cover, it's got an embossed front and back, and indeed, a spine as well. yeah. and like most books, yes, it's effectively like the last panel. blog, that's really nice, isn't it awesome? yeah, really good, to be honest. a lot of the time when they do this, I actually prefer it to the dust cover. and but, you know, I need a cover from the dust, so I've got to leave it there. yeah. but, yeah, it's really nice. yeah, I am. I like how when you open it as well, there's just a black page with the Joker's eyes and Batman The Killing Joke, and then the next page is that the darkness has gone, and it's just Joker. they're laughing in that iconic panel. and where it's got all the hahaha is in the background. it's probably about a tattoo. it's pretty tattoo on probably a million people. hell, yeah, I know. if you go a Comicon, you'll see, yeah, yeah, yeah, yes. some dude from Texas has God as a back piece. No, exactly. and yet, I didn't know it's actually, but, yeah, if you just move the front page back and forth, which Joker's always, yeah, you know, centric fruits that, yeah, that is crazy. that is so effective. and yet, yeah, just the Hat has kind of dominating the entire screen there. and there is an introduction as well by Tim sale, and he speaks about the coloring issue. he said, you know, this time around you have the fantastic treats in the book colored by the artist himself. and sees more complete vision of how the story should look. um, I haven't, I saw a would YouTube vid death of someone comparing and, like you said, veiny, like, you know, I think certainly the origin scene, when he's kind of ascending out of the water, it's colored much nicer in this one, much more drained, yeah, which, I don't know if I like it as much. I think that sort of, the the crazy colors work better for the Joker's personality. it's been toned back very heavily, and I think the book sort of suffers for it. in the inner Joker story, I just think the colors should fit his personality rather than be muted. um, however, the dulling of the palette, you know, it does help to heavily ground this book in reality. so there's no real definitive answer for what works better him, but just for personal preference, I would probably go with the original. but then again, I don't know if it's because I read that first, and they've sort of George Lucas one of my favorite works, but yet, I mean, it's, it would be like if they recolored The Dark Knight Returns. I think they would lose a lot of the ambience and the the character of that book. and in doing this with The Killing Joke, I also think they've not only lost a bit of the character of the book, but also of the Joker himself. mm-hmm. and it's funny you mention Anxi, because I recently encountered Watchmen noir, which is, why don't you seen his Watchmen black and white? essentially. yeah, um, I don't like it. I looked for it, I was like, oh, it's just missing so much. it's nowhere near as effective. yeah, TC, do a lot of new boots. who is that before? like the edgy teen. I don't understand. it's just people who want to see, like the perhaps pensive artists. yeah. like I did have soul. you know how the lady, your biggest fan, he bought me Batman hush in black and white ham and, yeah, it was, it was nice. you could sort of see, actually, know why wasn't it was Batman hush and wrapped up, which is where you can see the eyes work. nor is literal, just black and white. so I don't know what they're doing there. I'll get rid of it. get rid of them. yeah. and also, talking of Watchmen, sorry. we'll get to the Killing Joke straight away. I saying to you, I watched an annotated which came out recently, which is going forward by Dave Gibbons. it's basically a reprint of Watchmen as a bigger coffee table book. we've annotated notes. anyone that follows watch when obviously follows our podcast, I myself definitely rely on a few webpages that just annotated notes of the issues. really brilliant. you know, the criticisms that I've, you know, often use and pilfer from, you know, they're so inspired. looking through this book. it's kind of trash, like this. quite a few pages I don't have annotations. and it's like, no, no, no, no. everything. you've missing it. every single panel of Watchmen is worthy of a page at least. listen at the podcast before you start annotating. we need someone like me who just doesn't know our researcher, no, cuz you do your research and stuff, whereas I just, I don't have time for that. I just literally come on in with sprawl out stuff for an hour and half. yeah. so you don't need both. oh, well, you're right. you you do the research and we just come on with the crap jokes. but everyone hates listen to this podcast. you don't need to buy Watchmen annotated. but we'll get to the first panel, which I know from the brilliant Alamo biography, that supposedly what he sent Brian was an incredibly in-depth couple of pages about this first panel, just the rain and the circles, that's it. yeah. just, you know, obviously, this means everything, you know, with more. and this panel in particular is very important to the concurrent theme of more the mirroring, you know, the symmetry, you know, the suggestion of difference through the or but, yeah, we begin here with the rain falling. and, you know, something like this cannot help be a vaca t'v, right? yeah. and it's great how the book sort of opens on how it ends. to me, there's an entire analogy throughout this book of Batman and the Joker being opposites of each other. and this, it's sort of like looking into a mirror and seeing the the reflection of yourself and your darkest moments, or the Joker looking into the mirror and seeing Batman reflected back, which is the the best that it could be. so it's great that the entire book thematically is a mirror, and it opens on a rain puddle, which is exactly how it ends. see, that's why you don't do research Tom you come out with amazing stuff like that. the research just holds your back. yeah. and it's, it's just atmospheric. and it, there's no dialogue for like, the first three pages, no, which is a really atmospheric way to open. and, you know, you instantly gripped by it, like, what's going on? and it's very slowly paced. and one of the great things about the 9 panel grid is that you can take your time with stuff, and seconds can be stretched out into two minutes, and it can be really well paced. whereas when you sort of divert from the grid and draw it yourself, the reader can sort of just rush through things, which is why I actually prefer this. it's called prestige panel in Tom that's another thing I picked up from doing my research online. oh, no, they've discovered is and, yeah, so it's just really well paced, really atmospheric. it doesn't need to have big, bombastic moments, but it still draws you in, and you can kinda get by, like the the stuff that Batman passes throughout that this is a really intimidating guy, and it's almost like he's gone on his final mission. and this is, like, we're picking up directly at, like, this is almost the end for Batman. and, you know, incredibly evocative, the density of these shadows. the third paneling, you know, with the Batmobile visible, yeah, with the lights, so suggestive, you know. and and the way the sort of the refraction has made this X that kind of just centralizes us towards, I mean, I love the fifth panel as well. but, you know, the spikes on Batman's wrist, you know, coincident or with the kind of edgy windshield, you know, the spikes of the manor itself. you know, everything about this man is so iconic. yeah. and it's so sharp, and, like, it just stands out, which is kind of why I also prefer the the old colored version as well. and it sort of just leaps off the page a bit more, whereas this is sort of more like watching a movie. and, but, yeah, it's still expertly done. we see, like, Harvey Dent there a lot of its silhouette as well, which Batman, he's very much known for for living in the shadows. so it's just a really well-thought-out waited to pick the Caped Crusader and establishing impanel light when we see Commissioner Gordon and some assemble grunts. you know, Batman's human chin, you know, he is fallible. yeah. maybe there's some sort of, you know, glassed your kind of thing. they're just evoke in, you know, the humanity that can be punctured here. but, you know, this runs throughout, doesn't it? that this is Batman. yeah, yeah, definitely. and it's you know, you don't really get much of the human aspect of him in this book. it's always sort of in the persona. but there's definitely signs of weakness in there, especially with his opener, where, you know, it's rare that this is sort of the approach for the superhero to go into the villain and plea for him to stop. and he's begging for him to, like, the end this before one of them killing, like, ends up killing the other one. there's which is, you know, it's a very, it's a very pacifist approach, which isn't often depicted in comics. a lot of the time it's the hero shows about the lair and just kicks the crap out of the villain and saves the day, and that's it. but this is like a really nice, grounded and thoughtful way to approach a villain sympathetically and be like, look, I'm not here to hurt you. I just want to talk to you. we never have this conversation man to man. it's always fists, and I just please stop. yeah, you know, it's like when people email this podcast telling me to stop doing the jokes. they're just like, stuff, oh, we see Harvey Dent, yeah, which is like just that, you know, not important. it's a very nice kind of haha sort of moment. they had to have someone in the cell. you know, we see other people later on. yeah, you know, the whole thing in of itself, if you're going for that kind of, quote-unquote, last story aspect, it does have a lot of wink references. yeah. and it's just, like, it's really good at world-building, but not doing it over the top. um, it's sort of letting, you know that Batman's biggest villain is the Joker, for the fact that he just completely walked past Harvey Dent and just doesn't see him as like, you know, it doesn't even look at him. he just rolls past him. Harvey Dent's kind of looking longingly at the gate, wanting to be more important, and, but it's just not. and Batman just really wants to get to the root of this problem and end it once and for all. I love the bar dividing his face. it, yes, so simple, but, yeah, very, very clever. yeah. and it's one of the only characters that you could do it with as well. yeah. and so it's clear that Moore's put a lot of thought into this. yes. he just nails as well from behind. it's great. yeah. and he finally gets to the cell, and which is number zero eight, zero one. and this to Batman, oh, I was got it made because I was sure that somewhere, um, it was, like the letters of the alphabet, and it was Menace fell out. so if he took zero as a, for some reason, in my head, I'd built it up as zero 800 and, um, no, sorry. zero eight, zero eight. and I'd built that up in my head is that, if you take these letters of the alphabet, it spells out, haha, hmm. but it doesn't. it just spells out a hub a.m. what? Moby Dick, the Joker, you could be a habit actually mentioned a cup the times in Batman comics, but it's always kind of an insult. and from the Joker to like, got something, okay, but it doesn't make a reappearance later. and Scott Snyder's run and Batman visits The Joker's sell an endgame, and he's still in a zero eight, zero one, sir. so it's nice that, you know, someone at least references this book further down the line. yeah, yeah, I'm sure there is multiple inference. is not that much depth that I know about to it. yeah. and the copier dummy research, that's all good. it's all good. what the comments are therefore to correct us, please, please let us know. but, yeah, Batman descends upon the cell that the cop you know, salutes. yeah. and this is, I mean, maybe I don't know my Batman history, but this sort of face of them too. okay? it's not, you know, Joe, could we learn very soon? but this sort of, you know, spotlit face off, very dark. no, yes, right. yeah. to be honest, when I first read this, I did kind of part of have a problem with Batman's like, obsessed over this villain, and he doesn't recognize that it's not him. but growing up, I can kind of see, you know, exactly what, why wouldn't he saw more? has this a matching version of the Joker, rather than the actual version of him? so, yeah, it's just a nice, touching moment that he's went to play with them. and it's also at this point that the first line of dialogue within the book is, there were these two guys in a lunatic asylum, which, of course, later down the line becomes The Killing Joke. and it's nice that it starts off here, and it just lets you tonally know that there's these two guys trapped in a lunatic asylum. little do you know exactly how much this, this line pays off in the end. and just our first Batman lines, hello. I came to talk, you know, yeah, the the simplicity, the sincerity, as you said, the honesty, you know, to what his motives are. and, yeah, I didn't really consider him not knowing it's Joe crow, not obviously, I know it's 9, but him not noticing straight away. but, yeah, yeah, I didn't consider that. I suppose I'll have to just deal with that. but, yeah, I guess, if their same sort of body shapes, I guess, yeah, how wet, like, Batman knows this person. Batman as ripped and punch this person probably hundreds of times. yeah, exactly. he's hitting the lad in the face, yeah, profile mentally, if you believe some of the theories, he loves the lad, right? so, yeah, he would, he would recognize him. and, you know, the giveaway is the fact that, you know, he's got makeup, which works well, I think, in establishing the Joker character. darkly. you know, there's a more permanent fixture of what years he isn't, someone isn't costumed as, you know, so many of what Batman faces off to. and it's interesting though, that, again, it's not Joker, but he talks like Joker. yeah, um, it's probably just because it's a guard who's night. it doesn't even talk. the guy doesn't even does he know his Hawk, he doesn't even talk. why the hell are you on about now? he doesn't talk. so, yeah, he just says, the only thing he says is, her hey. okay. they didn't feel like jogger to me, but, ya know, I go, he's saying, and then I want to read where the arrows point to. Tom. that's a little tip tray there. and we see, you know, when when he took talks further in more double speak, in the juxtaposition of him being touched, you know, he gets pulled into a great panel, you know, where Batman's follow me in a very eighties panel. I'm sort of interaction between them, right? yeah. brilliant. it's, so, he's angry. this guy is terrified. he's pulling them so hard that he's like ripping his sleeves from his t-shirt. we're brothers, you know? we [ __ ], yeah. and it's just, it's just human eyes. he's like, confessed his love to this guy, and it's not him. yeah, as we all would be, yeah. and, you know, hair on throat, harm one hair on his head inevitably goes to a wig being yelled off, which, which is classic, really. he calls him a whimpering little smear of slime. slime does come out later as well, sometimes called a slime ball or something. I can't quite remember exactly where that strikes. but we get Joker then, you know, in a familiar environment. it's a bloody carnival from doomsday - yeah. it's nice, innit? yeah. I'm surprised that this, this like location isn't used more often for the Joker. it kind of seems like the perfect, like place for him. it's just great that the Joker's appearance also breaks the 9 panel grid with his face that he shows, you know, Batman is on this very rigid structure, and because Batman represents order, and the Joker represents chaos, so it's nice that his first appearance in the book is, it's just causing chaos to the page. itself. it's very fourth wall breaking. and, yeah, it's really, it's just a really good entrance. and I love that. you know, Fairgrounds do have a sinister side to them. they're, they're all bright and colorful, but if you go there, and I guarantee you will create yourself. and so it's nice that it's mores picked this location that's normally full of life and so exuberant and twisted. it almost in it this really sinister villains lair. yeah, without really necessarily changing anything, like, we learn about the rides of being dilapidated, etc. and, you know, don't like it. don't care. you know, I'm crazy for it, which is a wonderful sort of half turn there. but for me, it's just the reality these places. seeing that dosed out clown in that glass box, you know, there's nothing Joker did there. that's just what it looks like. and that's kind of what they do look like. it's, yeah, you know, it's play fair. the fat lady is. well, gals, be glad it ain't you, is, is the tagline there. is nice as well. we learnt it. free legged man, two-headed baby. you know, these aren't things that aren't, you know, have existed in the past, perhaps collectively in the subconscious of more, you know, it's definitely there. and, yeah, I I love it. I love everything about this first panel introducing, I'll just think it's expert. yeah, it's really well done and perfectly sums up the Joker. he's, do you smiling? but you know, there's something in his eye as well that's very like, broken. and it's great that we, when we get this flash back to his past, we think we see exactly why he's crazy. yeah. and I think some of the best drawing happens in this initial flashback. yeah. I think the facial, you know, depressions is particularly off the Joker, the reflections his dejection, you know, the sheer emotion that is wrung out of this scene through the writing and the paneling is, is just terrific, like, so affecting, I find it. yeah, art incredible. um, and it's a shame that DC have never confirmed exactly what the Joker's origin story is, because this one works so well. but I do kind of get why they won't keep it mysterious. you know, it provides a lot of a lure for the character, even though they've decided it certainly say that there's three Joker's, which it doesn't make any sense, because surely Batman wouldn't realize Pinocchio. maybe one of the Joker's is that guy in the prison cell. yeah, maybe just for five minutes. where was the Joker once? Alfred. he, you know, he's trying to be a stand-up comedian, this guy, he messed up the punch line, which is, you know, not the thing you really want to do. yeah, I think especially the bottom left, where you see is, you know, his fists clenched, the agony on his face. and in the deluxe edition, you know, it's colored a little differently to the standard one. it's kind of more muted. we just have the one singular piece of color and all the scenes, yeah, which, I don't know why that. I don't know what it symbolizes, right? um, to be honest. like, do you have any not especially no. I mean, against it, it starts off very muted pink, and, but, and then it goes for a darker red, and it slowly gets more red as we go on. but, you know, is the Joker's color red primarily? well, well, Tim sail in the intros actually speaks about this briefly says, quote, Boland washes out all color in a caption, but chooses a spotlight, an object in each a bowl of tentacles, red Floyd paper and so on, in increasingly intensity, strange shades of red, all leading up to the Red Hood that was positively the Joker's most forgotten origin, way back in 1951. so apparently that's the thinking behind it, right? it's not necessarily needed, but, yes, or I had, don't avoid tim sales doing the introduction, enough. not Brian Bolland, but Tim sells a brilliant artist minted Batman along Halloween, which is actually my favorite. bamberg, right? and, but on a wise kinda, it's not a definitive answer if he does it to me. so, hmm. and there, you know, the try on, the model that we saw earlier becomes, yeah, one that Joker reaches out to. that's, that's an incredible panel. yet again, I feel, you know, more more does this in his sleep. juxtaposition, as we always say, going from one thing to the other, yeah. and realize a third thing. and I think him reaching out into his own reflection in the body of a classic vaudeville crown, it's just a ridiculously good yeah. and I like how the Joker was never funny in real life. yeah. he's sort of a failed comedian, and that's why it's turned a crime Ron. it's just a, nice, it's nice, a back, nice background. he still thinks he's funny, and but no one else does, which is, you know, the Joker, and the Joker, you know, puts pay to the guy renting him out. yeah, carnival. it's, I don't know if the panelling here's exceptional really, cuz in the second he goes for a hand shaking them. in the third, you don't know if he's, I guess he's adjusting after going for it and killed the going straight away with. you what? I don't look at not unless arranged with something loaded in it. well, it's just the old classic, like clown handshake, isn't it, where they electrocute someone. and, yeah, just a nice little thing, way that the Joker would kill you by shaking your hand on the deal, even though he's already made it, and the guy gets left with it's horrible, rictus grin, which a lot of the the Joker victims are famous for having. and it's a very haunting way to die, you know, you just dead, but you're smiling. um, yeah. and I quite like it. yeah. and, you know, the language of a clown, the gesture, the way they work in innuendos, is perfect for the way more rights as well. you'll be left absolutely speechless. it's a lifetime guarantee. and you do feel to stick around, like, you know, it's just all over the thing, I just figured. so, well done. yeah. and it's exactly like what the Joker would say. it's almost a culmination of his best lines in in one sentence, which very few writers are able to do a lot the time. the Joker, he says a lot of things, but they're not funny, they're not punchlines. whereas this is all building towards the joke, and which, it happens again when he attacks Barbara Gordon later on. so it's nice that mores written the Joker in a way that's very comedic. um, and more, we always say, has a dark sense of humor, so it's great that he gets to develop a character that also has won a lot of his characters, sort of, he imposes this sense of humor on them, and they don't realize they're being funny. it's very an unintentional but here he's got free rein to do what he wants. so a lot of the work, a lot of the lines that come out from the Joker are punchlines and jokes, and Batman's in his Batcave, which, you know, we saw back in doomsday issue - let's not forget that incredible piece of comic literature. get a gues Killing Joke. sequel. dungeons, yes, that's what that'll happen next. that, you know, I think that on the wiki, this loads of like, sort of like, yeah, there's a comic issue that picked up, but nothing's by more. now I know what boys like for doing sequels. oh, I've got no ideas. I've got my dears on to the next one, and they're like, but words making so much money, we need to do it first. part Geoff Johns on it. he's great at stealing people's work and getting high praise for it. don't slag off, dude. I've seen someone write on Twitter the other day that Doomsday Clock issue 2 is 5 out of 5. Wow. one of the best comic books ever written. ever. you've not read Watchmen if you said that. but we seem to be the only ones slugging it off. but anyway, check out our Doomsday Clock review if you want to hear to Island more fanboys crying about how change is bad. we're selling really Star Wars fans. no, it's, I didn't like last year died. I mean, we don't necessarily need to talk about that. but I wasn't, I wasn't really a fan. but, no, that would be incredible if we got Alan Moore on the show finally. and the first thing we ask is, when you're doing Killing Joke - yeah. and he's just like, oh, no, I wanted to control its features. why? yeah, comment tree. get him on. yeah, it would be, no, no, we talked about my bully him into doing it. yeah, he's in the Batcave. but see the dinosaur, we see the Queen, we see the Joker. and, you know, there's nothing this guy knows about him. nothing he knows about how many years at this point, he's been trying to find information what the Joker is. clearly like a ghost. you know, he's kind of impossible to put down. the family photo of the bat crew. as a bat fan, is that? is that warm to see? yeah, that's quite nice. they've got bat-mite there, which, I don't know if you know that caramel, but it's like a fifth dimensional the magic being that can fly and disappear and stuff. he's a bit bit mental. it's a bit, it's a very weird creation. not many people tend to use him very well. Graham Morrison actually does a brilliant device with him where he makes him a hallucination. and Batman's right? so basically, yeah, Batman our IP. we're gonna go on a massive Batman tangent here, but in Batman our IP, and Grant Morrison has, he'd been building it for a while at this shadowy organization were following him, and they'd also in will trade his life through a silver st. cloud, I think it was. I think that's as bad. anyway. Jezebel jet right. it's just love that it's this woman that you fell in love with. and then they just break him down psychologically. throughout the book, they've beaten placing trigger words called Zoomer and R which is sort of like the last thing that Thomas Wayne said to Bruce was they, after they saw the mask of zorro, was they would put someone like sorrow in Arkham. so zero and Arkham, broken down, becomes zero nos. and that becomes a trigger word for him traumatically to go back to. I'm going on a massive tangent here. anyway, they infiltrate the Batcave, they inject Bruce were heroin. they like, use this trigger were to send them back into a regressive state. and bat-mite becomes a hallucination of his, like, inner, inner self. and beta that we learn that Bruce Wayne's so prepared for any eventuality that he's actually developed a split personality that will take over if he ever gets psychologically attacked. and he just, he regresses into this alter ego that he's created and becomes the Batman of sewer and our and he's aided by bat-mite, who, some would say that Luther nation, some wouldn't. we can cut that entire section from the problem. no, no, there are seven bat-mite vans in Poland that are going crazy right now. so sad to those guys. we get butchered that as well. it's a man has so much law in comic books, I can't remember any of it. so, you know, praise be to you. but we get a lot of Joker's mouths as well, here on my screens above, we get a lot of sort of, you know, mastication, I should say. and Alfred comes in. there's more mouths that we see for our Alfred. such a classic. but Lawrence, unless I forget that, you know, with the toast and the tea. and, you know, the way we get Batman as well, is very 80s. and he's an incredibly mostly athletic specimen. yeah, he's just, like, he's in the prime of his life, both physically and mentally. he's a genius level. he's the second smartest man in the world, as we learned. oh, yeah, yeah. and it's just, it's just great. yeah. and, you know, he looks over surveys, he's kind of looking at his mouth again, never you know what he's looking out at the screens. but you still trying to get to know, how can two people hate so much about knowing each other? he asks, yeah, you know, which is quite a poignant point, and not the most graceful transition, is him saying, how can people hate each other? and then someone saying, I hate this. and then we learned that we're in the Gordon household. yeah. you know, more can be a little bit more delicate. with that. but still, we get here, we get the cuttings. and I especially like, well, the whole thing about the pasting the scrapbook becomes relevant quite soon when Barbara shot body crashes into it, and chronic young folks himself as a memory there in this lovely apartment of all these artifacts and the drinks cabinet, cetera. but seeing that picture of Batman at the top left, at the bottom left, sorry, isn't that like the first cover of Batman's appearance on comics? yes, it is yet. Batman, 20 year. sorry, Detective Comics 27. it's just a nice homage to that. and, yeah, that's just, you know, it's nice that he connects everything all together. whereas Batman, if you ever go back and read that issue, you'll see that not really much like Donnie's now, because I'm murdering everyone. Wow. okay. it's quite funny though. it's basically Bruce Wayne sitting down with Commissioner Gordon, having a chat, and then Gordon has to rush off to solve these murders, and Batman's there. and then you go, alright, well, who Batman's a great guy. and then at the end, it's like this, hilarious reveal, where it's like, little did you know, read little did Gordon know readers that the man he's been talking with this entire time is and then Bruce Wayne sought walks in, who were covered in the cupboard. door closes, and then it opens in because Batman, he's in, like, the full costume. you know, it's a bit [ __ ], bring, bring, bring it back to where the [ __ ] at last in a living room. that's what readers want to see. bring it back to him, get in his back broken. awesome. yeah, you know. but, yeah, it's like the thirties, I don't know, in Batman's die, but long time ago. so, you know, it's a benign good God. so, so, yeah, you know, we get, as, you as you just teased, one of the most horrific events of the comic, a real, you know, indictment against Joker. my knowledge of Joker stories isn't huge. if you want to point to sort of horrific act he's done, it's a knock, a door open in sort of, you know, Hawaiian tourist garb, which a gun loaded, pointed straight ready to disable and possibly more. this section without any text, in which Barbara gets shot and then thrown onto the table, everything from just seeing, you know, her father with the scissors behind in the steaming coffee. and, yeah, the crash in the physical agony of her is palpable. and it's got no dialogue in it, again, just the oak. I do wish I could read this with fresh eyes, but it's pretty much as famous, to me, at least as the, you know, Darth Vader being Luke Skywalker's father, spoiler alert. and everyone knows that twisted it's been recreated and used in almost all Batman media. so it's very hard to be with fresh eyes, but it is, it's still as shocking as ever, and it's beautifully orchestrated by more. you know, if you can tell, the tone completely changes, not only in the book, but the DC Universe itself. it's completely, I don't know, where when the turn just grabs your attention immediately. to me, this is sort of the moment when comics grew up. so gone were the days of Adam West and Burt Ward. you know, this wasn't Batman fighting aliens on Mars anymore. this was the Joker showing up to where you live, not killing you, paralyzing you and humiliating you and then Tritonal and kidnapping you father. it's very, yeah, it's just, it's, it's beautiful, but it's horrifying as well. this is no longer a villain in a lair or at the dock. this is in your house where you live, out of the costume. it's just horrendous. and it's a very controversial motif. like Merle went to the editor of DC originally and pitched it, thinking that the idea wouldn't get approved, or if it did, that this book would be in else world book. but the editor actually apparently said, [ __ ] the [ __ ]. she went, yeah, [ __ ] the VHD. and I ran and and I think more he often cites this is one of his worst works, and I think he regrets this as yeah. it's just that I think he thinks it's very sexist and misogynistic that this man exerts such a power over this helpless woman. but it is a great piece of work. and more, you should go back and read it. and, but, you know, obviously, Allen will hates everything he's ever done. yeah, he does. he does. and, yeah, it's just, it's gruesome. yeah, thing, especially the aftermath of the shot. I mean, not only the father going over to her, only visible is a mouth yet again, and we see Joker smiling in the corner. and Joker placed. Joker like, Joker is just crippled this woman, you're gonna go on to do much more. but he pours a drink. he admires it as his goons, you know, take care of the other threat in the room. yeah. and to him, you know, for him to grab the dress and to pull it down, and then to, say, to prove a point, cleanest to crime, you can see in his hand, you know, part of the fabric coming apart, and the glitter, and he, it's just, it's so horrific. it like, it's so clear, but it's brilliant, like, it's just such a distillation of his character. yeah. can you imagine, little Timmy eight years old, his mum's got me some Batman comics. he's reading through, he's reading through. you're like, Batman versus the mad scientist. and then he gets to this one. it just completely changes the aesthetic of everything. and was more regrets it. I am glad that this is in the book, because it the character Barbara Gordon goes on to become Oracle, right? which is sort of Batman's eyes and ears. I don't know if you've seen spider-man homecoming Tom and, but one of the, one of spider-man's friends is just like, I want to be a guy in a chair who just, like, whizzes round on computers. find it now, everything. and that is pretty much Oracle. and so it's very empowering to me for disabled people. it has since the new 52, it was retconned in barbara gordon can walk again, but hugely shook up comics at the time. and it's, it's harrowing. it's a very, it's probably one of the most important moments in Batman comics ever. mm-hmm. and it's beautifully illustrated, beautifully paced, beautifully acted out. yeah, yeah, it was great. and in Joker, again, you know, place the mores advantages, he does those double turns when he's comparing her to a book, you know, she thinks she's a coffee table. addition, his wife says after he shot her, which is, it is very clever thing to say, but it's just such a menacing thing to say. can't say much for the volumes condition. there's a hole in the jacket and the spine appears to be damaged. yeah, which is, again, flaring off his dark sense of humor. and it's the lads killing it. yeah. yes. the greatest of all time. and I love that you still don't know anything about the Joker. um, like, we, uh, didn't really talk about this earlier before, but I'm gonna kind of go back on my notes a bit. so when when they were in the Batcave, Batman sort of struggles that to come to terms with how two people can hate each other without even knowing the identity of one another. but they do know each other, like Joker knows that Batman exists, and Batman knows that the Joker exists. everything else is just noise that gets in the way of the stark contrast between both characters. and it's nice that they, they cover this identity when we get the flash-forward. and because it to me, it sort of got me thinking, like, what if the Joker does have a secret identity that we've never known about much, in the same way that Batman does, and throughout the day, sort of goes out in his normal clothes and acts like a normal person. and it really does speak volumes to Moore's work, like he enables the readers to think for himself, whilst taking in it, taking the characters and exciting directions. and and it's nice that we do get this backstory. you've, you've just went from one of the most horrific things in comics to one of the most mundane things, where it's just the Joker sitting eating shrimp in a bar. yeah. and it's nice that you can see the the polar opposites of this character, and it makes it more intriguing, because you're now thinking, what drove this man to become so evil? and, yeah, did the flashbacks fantastic as well. all the details in the bar, all the drunks lollygagging. in the deluxe edition, we are getting the shrimp as the red here, which is kind of pilfered by these men. and that closing panel of the shrimp making the flick sound, and him like pulling out a tentacle. but there's something quite intimate and painful about that that I think resonates really, really well. and the the plan is afoot. here. we learn about his, sort of, you know, chemical factory past. and he's you know, current future. the comedian Britain's seen that way. he's gonna be wearing the Red Hood. I mean, death is a Batman historian. what importance is the Red Hood? are they red hoods massively important? um, the Joker, after he kills Jason Todd. and Jason Todd was out the comics for four decades, and he came back under the moniker of Red Hood to sort of signify this. it just appears throughout even Gotham, which I don't like the Gotham TV show, but they do play up the fact that there's Red Hood in Gotham. and it's, it's a mask that criminals used to kind of act much in the same way an organization in our world. anonymous also of going to the the moniker of the V for Vendetta mask, which sort of ties it back to more a bit. yeah, it's, it's just a moniker that, in the early years of Gotham, existed, and criminals used it as a way to appear as one entity, much in the same way that Batman does. so it's, it very nicely juxtaposed as this. um, yeah. and it's just, it's just nice. who actually did see on YouTube? with the other day. we've got will first juxtaposition comment. oh, really good. you know, just got a comment saying, juxtaposition. so, sure. odds that guy. I'm sorry, I haven't took it, you username, but you know who you are. and I just want to say, thank you. and, yeah, made his chuckle. let the Joker is forced into this vision. I just noticed something, as we always do deaf when we go for these comics, we always noticed things that we never seen before. um, just before the panel of the other, sort of the shrimp face up. is that the UM, is that the penguin there the table? yeah, it looks like doesn't it? no, no, what's that before? yeah, could be, could be, uh, I'm sure it is. we get the dog down below. so very Alan Morris, schnapps, not cloth, like you has a fantastic all the sounds in this a gray of all of this, you know, this so that in crisp, click, straight. you know, Greek. there's lots of really good stuff here. and we learn, yeah, it's nice that more is using this prawn there. the shrimp's are getting pulled apart, and, you know, it's held in that mobsters hand, and he's just doing whatever he wants to it, much in the same way that the mobsters are doing the exact same thing to the Joker. they've got complete control of his life now, deciding whether he lived or dies. and, you know, then we meet Barbara in the hospital. Batman's there. who's this detective? is he a Batman feature? yeah, I think it's Harvey Bullock, which, he's massively in the Batman animated series. and it doesn't appear that often in the comics, more than stuff like Gotham Central. but he's sort of like the go-to, he's the second in command to Commissioner Gordon. he's massively in no-man's land. he, you know, he's just a great background character. like, if you watch the cartoon, you need instant you recognize him. and, yeah, it's just a staple of the Batman universe. so it's nice to see him make an appearance in one of the most famous Batman graphic novels. yeah, love his appearance in the bottom left as well. you know, the cigar the show, the tie is the [ __ ] hair, like, you know, everything about him is just really well designed against the cast iron of Batman, who, you know, you know, just quite disturbingly, Barbara awaking, you know, from this deep sleep, and she's just in pure terror, really, not even for her own condition, but for our fathers in the Joker's hand. yeah. she's waking up in a nightmare, basically. and again, that pulls back to the DC Comics changing over all. she's just woken up, and, you know, gone are the days of going out and capturing criminals and tying them up to lampposts and leaving notes. this is like, horrific. it wasn't meant to go this far, but it has. and she just wants to go back, but it's irreversible. yeah, just the drawings, yeah, again, I think a fantastic the way Batman's reaching out to her, saying his Bruce as well, which kind of, you know, Cassie, on a certain level, her gripping is okay, which you would do like, you know, you just grab someone if you're an emotional territory, and if they're wearing costume, yeah, you will just kind of handle them this way. and again, they're just the the physicalness of Batman, you know, is pure heroic, Greek myth status. then we click into the carnival, which has, yeah, pretty upsetting cysts again. if little Timmy reading. it's nice how, it's nice how this scene opens on much in the same way the Cape was gripped and the adult the phone the funhouse. I don't, I want to be as PC as possible here, Tom, because I don't want to offend all three of our listeners, in case one of them is but they're very demonic, these almost children, like, oh, yeah, like babies, ma'am. I don't know what they are. yeah, don't. I really don't know what they are. they're loud. they're sort of like, dwarvish, yeah, impish. but, yeah, they're crazy. they're scary. if I woke up and seen them three leading ovaries, I've been like, [ __ ], hell Dennis to that Hospital. yeah. I'd rather be paralyzed. he's de clothed. we get the angle from him on the floor in the second panel, of them leering over their eyes, just transfixed. all all very alarming, really. we see the guy on the stat on the elephant ride yet again. you know, he hasn't really moved an inch there. we see a lot of the freaks as well. I mean, one of the freaks is like a complete cousin it, like, giant third person, yeah, look so too bad. yeah, yeah, it was, yeah, the giant fat woman and, you know, the twins, etc. and that image of Joker, you're going mad, the children's heads on sticks burning, yeah. the the pulse that the rollercoaster casting constellations behind it, lending it this kind of mythic import. the way he's sitting in the half saucer, it's just, II, you know, it's just so, it's so impressive. yeah. it's a massive, another grand entrance by the Joker. every time you sort of appears in this comic, it's very grandiose. and this is definitely one of the most memorable. it's just, like, even just the way he's sitting, it's, it's very sort of twisted and unhuman, like, the proportions are, whilst they look great, you kind of wonder how they would actually be correct. his legs look absolutely massive. and it just gives you this whole twisted feeling that, you know, in a funhouse. and, you know, mayhem is the law, mm-hmm. and this is his quest really. and it's very Alan Moore esque, you know, pitting yourself against his psyche, understanding who you really are. it wasn't gonna be a standard, sort of, Batman villain sort of story. it was gonna be one of these, you know, trips into Dante's Inferno to a suggest. and it is just wonderfully done. even just the paneling as well, the left panel with Joker's voice coming up from the bottom, and then the switch of perspective, so looking straight up at him, yeah, I think is terrific. Lee done. his minions shoving him on the floor, the puddles. I thought of what, I can't imagine what really on this, you know, horrific nightmare scape. I would like, yeah, these pallets. I would hate to be there. it would I'd really no enjoy it. and, you know, we move on. and, you know, things are explained. the idea of having multiple pasts, the idea of contracting rationality itself. there is no sanity clause. he says, get him onto this fairground ride. and, yes, oh my god, how tense when it ends and we flashback. yeah, it's like if you really wouldn't know what could be in there. and and I love, like, again, was wit when he's talking about how thinking about the past can be worrying and anxious. he calls it the past tense. and it really is, some of the best singers by the Joker. and it's a perfect way to end this, you know, scenario where we just see, madness is gonna take over. and I loved the way that, throughout this the Joker is sort of the king, the way he sits on his throne, you're in the land of madness, and so you must be mad, you must go mad to fit in here, Gordon. and I'm your king, and we're gonna, we're gonna send you on a ride and then see how you like it. yeah, the Train of four. yeah, no, you should strip nude as well. which, again, yes, it's quite brave, I suppose, like, you know. and it's just quite unseemly. and Varion settling, especially these children tying him in, him the door closing. madness is the emergency exit. and, I mean, you know, which ties beautifully into the flashback, the idea of, you know, man that can come quickly and abruptly, you really don't know what's gonna happen around the corner. and him learning about the death, you know, of his wife and therefore his unborn child, and his static motion is built explicitly those bottom three panels. obviously, his eyes, isn't it? you've never feel his being punched in the gut. his life has been turned upside down. yeah, it's absolutely incredible. so well drawn. and in the balan does so much with so little. and I've seen it's pretty much the same panel three times, yeah. but the facial expression just changes ever so slightly in the arm positions change, nothing else does. and it's incredible that Balin manages to convey such emotion throughout three panels without doing anything really other than drawing it three times. yeah, yeah. it's just even, you know, you look at the slight wrinkles on the suits, which inform, you know, he's kind of hunched up nature. and the picture that they get shown of which eventually draws into the Joker, the two in front, reminds me of American Gothic by Grant Wood, the sort of iconic painting then, if Moore was going for that, because it is really just two people standing for a photo, so it could really be anything. but, you know, nice little things that when the cops come over and the wiseguys and their hats, you know, which is kind of, you know, I guess what you do. but it has a kind of comic nurse to it, and all the nature that I love. but, yeah, him lighting the cigarette as he takes the realization the routine this, of this for an officer, the devastation of this, yeah, an individual is just captured, you know, just truly brilliantly. like, you know, when you read these things and you just, they, they always stick with you. I've always been wowed by this sequence. yeah. and it's not some, you know, our deaths not some blaze of glory, like the wreck the Wayne's was. it was just an electrocution on a, on a baby bottle here. no, he lost his wife and kids for for no real reason. yeah. it was just a freak accident, and it was just chaos, which, of course, symbolizes the Joker. and it's a horrible, it's almost unreal, like, if you imagine this happening to yourself, you wouldn't believe it, but you think it was a joke at first. yeah. and you can just see this guy's totally broken down, but he's got this obligation to appear in this robbery um. and it's just, you can feel just the life sucked out of them. yeah, no, buts he is, you know, forced into this, unfortunately, no exceptions. you know, he gets the picture. and just closing on again, the way Bolin captures just pure despair, pure loss of anything. and the jokes at his corner as well, the man in the masked hat sort of smiling at him. yes, it works. you know, it's a little bit arch, but I think it works. you need the panel's to have these interesting motions here. and even like the empty, the glass of empty water in front of him as well. like, you know, does that, see, probably does symbolize something in some way. but going from glasses half full, drag, it's not even half full anymore, empty. that's why you don't do research, Tom. just never do it. and, you know, we morph into Gordon in the same way, going through and Joker. his command of technology is impressive. his keys, control of these screens. mm-hmm. yeah. I wasn't thinking that when I wrote it, but I suppose you're right. yeah, he's got, you should be an electrician this lad. you should be doing lights and projections and stuff. he could do anything, is guy. he's like Roger Deakins or someone like that. yeah, that's why you should, that's what Batman should say at the end, he shouldn't kill him. he should be like, oh, I seen you your funhouse ride, mate. you know, you'd actually make a pretty good fun house operator. have you thought about taking us on the road? ID your connections, I know, Dick Grayson, or the Gotham pet robot. just the one though. yeah. and it's just, yeah, all of this is so brilliant. the Joker just espousing, you know, the benefits of losing your mind and letting, yeah, you know, trade the gloom for a rubber room and injections twice a day. and the way he's dancing as well, his legs cocked, his hat, you know, it's very Gene Kelly. and, yeah, this section then goes into possibly the one of the most controversial comic book sections ever. certainly like a very popular comic book that he's sold, you know, waterstones in book shops. it's not like a niche thing. everyone knows about The Killing Joke. um, the pictures of Barbra, yeah. um. and it some people take this as you sexually molested her, um, but I don't know. I've never read that far into it. and, but it is, imagine just seeing you naked, paralyzed daughter like, it's not nice. no, it's what, it's there. it's not, you know, it's not the typical villain plan of kidnapping the daughter and tying it to a rope and dangling it over a pool of piranhas. it's pretty much just, like, know, just touch a shot and took photos of her. it's more simplistic, but it's much more evil. it's not elaborate. it's just, it's pretty [ __ ] up, very [ __ ] up. yeah. the design of the paneling is great. initially we see, there's four shot show, but you only really see free one of them, just all flesh. and they are, you know, they are really hard to look at. am I wrong in seeing, on the, sort of the image that he's screaming out with her on her back, you can sort of see just the beginning of a nipple on the edge of the panel at the left. yeah. but maybe I'm just a, but that feels like certain more wood, do you know what I mean? or sit, or maybe one of his artists would do. but it is just, oh, my god, like, it's despicable. yeah, just messed up. yeah. it's a, the Joker's crossed a line, and now you're sort of thinking, right, you see, stepped over. this is Batman. I'm gonna go kill the lad yeah, yeah, it's and the way he pops out at the paneling as well. he's always his teeth. don't get even get mad, you know. and and the fact that the, you know, the children trying to push him down as well, as we can't see. and then we cut too. it's a little bit of Hope, a little momentum in terms of the heroic pursue Batman. so, basically trying to find Joker yet again. yeah, it's great how he's interrogating all these criminals. even the penguin even pops up there, and he's just terrifying them. he wants to, he's desperate to get to the bottom of this. yeah, it's just, it's really nice, and it's good how Batman doesn't actually find the Joker. the Joker wants to be found, so he sends this ticket to Batman for the carnival, just admit one. and it's got with compliments, and it's a little Joker's face. so Batman might have never ever caught the Joker, um, but it's, it's sort of the reverse way the the villain wants to be caught, because he's like, look, I've done my work now. I've already won. and come and see ya. and it just, the Commissioner comes through the Train as, you know, all of this progresses through and gets out. and, you know, the Joker is just kind of just, is anyone home? he says, you know, which year starting? his eyes are like disco balls, and they gots plots in the man, he seems to just kind of not really react. but, but what he's done here is so sophisticated. I reckon it could break the majority of people. I definitely, if it was anyone other than Commissioner Gordon, it would definitely break them. but, yeah, Gordon is the best of us. I mean, even Gotham couldn't break him, right? he first moved here, and he's person moved here, and when he moved there and saw all the corruption, he just, yeah, even that didn't break him. so he's much like Batman in a way that he can't be broken, and he's infallible. he's one of the the most underrated heroes in the Batman universe, but he's just as much a hero, if not more, than Batman is, because he puts his life on the line, like, villains can show up to his house and shoot his daughter, and there's no hidden side to him. so, yeah, I think you would survive it, but not, no one else would know. and, you know, the Joker Basie puts him away to reflect upon life, and always random injustice as he's, you know, reflecting himself. and then, of course, we go back again to the whole Red Hood stuff, which i think is fantastic. you know, the realities of this life were explored him putting on the hood, finding it difficult to breathe, hard to see. of course, there would be these constrictions, and it is effectively, you know, a goose for the police officers to follow. and, you know, things move quickly, and they are discovered, and Red Hood is the only one who survives. and there's some pretty gruesome headshots. oh, yeah, hurry. yeah. they always kind of stood out to me, just the way they had sprayed with bullets. and it's just like, yeah, horrendous. yeah, yeah. and, you know, he runs away in what could be construed as some sort of grand escape, but obviously just a man who's terrified, you know, who's escaping, who is alumina in these black and white times, which is before Schindler's List, I believe that did something similar. oh, yeah, maybe. I don't know, maybe these been done before, I'm sure. but, you know, it was quite interesting to see. and Batman arrives, but an early Batman. and, you know, Batman, who isn't so police cooperative, perhaps, at this sense, who's kind of finding his feet, it's quite exciting to see him in the flashback. yeah. it's nice how he's sort of, his first line, it's like, so Red Hood, we meet again? yeah. like, we meet again. is pretty much like the the archetype entrance of a hero. am saying that we've faced off many times before. and it's, yeah, it's just a nice, you know, it's the perfect symbolization of a hero showing up. and it's nice that we see it from the red hoods perspective of just how terrifying Batman would be and showing up, and he's just gonna kick the crap out. yeah. so naturally, it jumps over the edge, even though it probably would have been safer to just hand himself in. yeah. and he falls in Joker water. like, what is it? I think it's just chemical output, the chemical and processing plant ace chemicals is like a staple of the Batman universe as well. so, yeah, it's nice to see this show up Joker's origins. mm-hmm, yeah, definitely. and, you know, he becomes, you know, the it effectively takes off the hood dot, the green hair, the makeup, all of the changes we get. his gloves kind of look like Mickey Mouse gloves. yeah. and it's nice that this, you know, red hood costumes kind of came out. and it's, it sort of inspired the way the Joker's costumes gonna go down the line. and just seeing his reflection just completely breaks um. he's now became this clown, and he realizes how much, you know, he, he's been looking at the world and how funny it is. but now he sees it reflected back in himself. and it's just great to see this. yeah, entirely. and we get all the freaks laughing at Gordon, who is in his cage. I love how the Hannah has block out the whole background. yeah, there was like a circus tent. you get all the freaks, get a good shot there. Joker has his audience, and your Batman arrives, which is, yeah, you know, inevitable. you know, we need this Shakespearean conflict to come to a close for certain. we see the guy on the elephant sitting there half dead, and Batman coming in this something, I started keep saying 80s, but, you know, I mean, there's something sort of plastic era about, yeah, he's silhouette here, tree animate series, I suppose, before he came out. yeah. and the Batmobile itself, it's a very old one at the time, you know, the Batmobile had been modernized quite heavily, but it's nice that more decides to use the older design of it. it sort of signifies that the past and an order meeting with the future, which is inevitably what the Joker saw wants to introduce to Batman. psyche wants to say, know, you've lived in this world where everything's perfect and there's right and wrong, but I'm gonna introduce this this idea for the future, that everything's crazy, and it's a great, you know, it's a great meeting of the two. and symbolized within this car, yeah. and and the poor joint fat woman is running out of the way, hoping to get there. and just all the details terrific. you can even see Gotham in the background with skyscrapers. so it's just on the outskirts. this is the reflection, yet again, this time of the fairground rides. and this always happens. I love that you see all the fruits running away when you see Joker just standing there as well. yeah, that's another thing. I don't think I noticed that before, whatever reason. but seeing Batman climb out. hello. I came to talk. we have this echoing, you know, I'm going the forward, but there's just some ink. you know, it's one of the rare things in fiction, is a Batman and Joker. it's one of those eternal rivalries, but it's just always satisfying. yeah. and it's great to see here that the two of it bringing up the the speech from the beginning. I've been thinking lately about you, about me, about what's gonna happen to us in the end. we're gonna end up killing each other wrongly. which is, of course, what happens in this book. even though it doesn't explicitly say, I am, i do think that Batman does kill the Joker. okay? and then, you know that, it's just, it's nice that more brings up the the first bit of dialogue, um, but it's, it's not Batman saying it, he's just thinking it. and it went past that point where he's ever gonna vocalize it to the Joker. he's just here to act. and the Joker, you know, has Joker's type attacks. he sprays him with his horrible, you know, acid though. then we see Batman sort of treating with antidote he has on him. there's something very inevitable about so much. yes, him running away to his lair as well, you know. Batman following. Jim is retrieved outward. and Batman learns more about where we are to this extent, you know, trying to change him, the fact that he wants him brought in by the book as well. very honorable. yeah, definitely. and gone. you know, it's the police' Commission. he's the Commissioner of Police. he could easily just kill the lad he could just be late. you know what? just do what you want me. I'm sick of them. but he still excuses them, because he knows the law is right. I have to show them that Holloway works. yeah. he powers on through Batman. we can see his exposed arm now with the boils on. them, which I love. yeah, the Hall of Mirrors, which is effectively Joker's face. the spike pit, which is coated with something as well. but the spike pit, it's a very classic villain sort of sixties thing, isn't it? like hanging? yeah, like, yeah, it's just, it's nice that, you know, the Hall of Mirrors, it's, it's got to a point now it's very on the nose for villains and heroes to face off in Hall of Mirrors. the first time I can remember seeing it was an end of the Dragon. they've also done it in the Dark, Knight Returns, except for, in the Dark Knight Returns. so then escalates slightly and ends in the tunnel of love. so it goes from this Hall of Mirrors where Batman and Robin symbolically, sorry, Batman and the Joker are symbolically reflecting each other, and then they go the tunnel of love, which is where the relationship ends, um, more rarely seems to copy though, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. and, but it's just, the monologue within this hall of mirrors is good enough to for me to just look over everything that I might think, you know, my thing is a negative and just talking about, how do you know how many times we've come close to World War 3 over a flock of geese on a computer screen? it's very clearly influenced the Dark Knight. the eminent Joker, does a similar monologue to to two-face in the hospital, and it's great. they just, he makes it so the world's like this monstrous gag. and then he's asking why Batman can't see the funny side, mmm, they burst through. and goes, because I've heard it before, and it wasn't funny the first time. I was my Batman impression. DC, hit me up. yeah. if you need an animated voice, yeah. or I've been doing the weights Tom or if you need someone to replace Ben Affleck, just don't just put it out there. now, I charge a lot less than Ben Affleck does, mate, I tell you that one for free. wait. the way Joker looks as well, you know, when he says, what I see the funny side, you know, it looks like 10-15 years younger. he looks like how he looked, you know, beforehand he resumed its horrified child is. yeah, yeah, just kind of faced with this horrible existential Glee. and even the top right panel, where you see them sort of marching from below, and you get to appreciate a visage of who he is with the ribbon. and, you know, just all fantastic joke about culminating, as you say, in the crash through the glass, which I love, sort of crash through the panel as well itself. you know, yeah, it's, it's all very well done. very classic. him coming through, him grabbing the Joker, then facing off in some pretty compelling combat, where I love when he grabs the mask for the two eyes as well. yes, like, again, quite goofy, quite Cesar Romero esque, but in a modern tinge, it works. yeah, it's great. and, yeah, it just completely blinds him. and I'm surprised no one had ever done it to Batman before they do it, and watch him, and don't know, they talk about the mask being pulled down over someone's eyes. yeah, let's started gluing on instead. and I think it was the original night howl. let's set it. yeah, don't make sure you on the bill. I think guys cape stuck in. the yeah, yeah, yeah, they like cut costumes are quite goofy. and they literally only work in comics and movies. and all cartoons. so, yeah, it's nice that Moore's realized that, and he's like, well, yeah, this is what would happen if a villain did fight Batman in real life. but it's also nice that Batman easily bests the Joker hunt hand, like it does my head. in in comics, Tom when the Batman and Joker have a fight in the like they equally matched likeness. and the joke has, he's not, he's not on that level at all. it's quite good that they do in Arkham City, when eventually you get to the Joker and you have a hand a hand fight with him, and you just completely, you Bray, the lad Bray, for our American listeners, just means to to kick the [ __ ]. oh, yeah. and you see the culmination really, which I like. you see the boil from before his mask gets hit in his eyes. he gets hit over the head, you know, clunked with heavy wooden bat which isn't nice. and then a knife, he runs out, which he defends. and when eventually he does get his hands on the joke, like you say, he does deal then quite easily punches him out of building. Batman tells all those problems, just by bunching them. it's nice that you salts this week, too. and, you know, we have a revisitation of joke of a gun. you know, could he paralyzed Batman, similar to Barbara? but no, it'sit's a joke gun here. and Joker sort of accepts defeat to a certain level. but then Batman opens up the dialogue again. yeah, but he says that we're running out of alternatives, and we both know it. maybe this is our last chance to sort this bloody mess out. and if you don't take it, well, well, locked on the suicide course, I'm going to come upon my voice for this, both of us to the death, and the Oscar and the Oscar for Best. Batman comes to it. very much. we see the rain on Joker's chin, similar to Batman's chin. yeah. these similarities do run through. I like how you just started ignoring my jokes and just not know, they're mad. everyone hears them. and then, you know, we get the joke that effectively ends the thing. they were Killing Joke, The Killing Joke. I mean, a lot of people still don't quite understand what is meant by Joker's joke. you know what I mean? it can be interpreted to way. so do you want it? I've got red now. do you want to read it? or should I? I think people are probably sicker hearing my voice. no, no, no. please read it, man, please. okay, I'm not gonna bother doing the Joker voice. see, there were these two guys in the lunatic asylum, and one night, one night, they decide they don't like living in the asylum any more. they decide they're going to escape. so, like, the way, so it's gonna be terribly told this. so, like, they get up on the roof, and they're just across this narrow gap. they see two rooftops. they see the rooftops of the town stretching away in the moonlight, stretching to freedom. now, the first guy, he jumps right across with no problem. but his friend, his friend didn't dare make the leap. you see, he's afraid of falling. so then the first guy has an idea. he says, hey, I've made a flashlight. I had my flashlight [ __ ]. hell. basically, I have my flashlight with me. I'll shine it across the gap between the buildings. you can walk across the beam and join me. but the second guy just shakes his head. he says, what you think I am crazy? you turn it off when I was halfway across? obviously, I'm never gonna share telling jokes. all good. you've, obviously, you've been listening to the podcast. you know that already. we should let you tell it. no, it's all good, Bobby. like, how do you read the meaning of that? and so it's difficult to decide which one is Batman and which one is the Joker in this anecdote. so is Batman the one trying to shine the light, and the Joker's too scared to jump across? or his the Joker showing Batman that, you know, Batman's, in fact, insane, but you won't admit it to himself. um, you know, it is really nice. like, how do you take it? yeah, I think, I think the same way. yeah. I think just the both of them, it's not clear who's leading who across the path. yeah, none of them are gonna lead them fully across. and you know, we we end with one of my favorite endings of anything, really. I love the ending in The Killing Joke, because he can be taken so many ways. seeing that, unless someone tells the joke terribly. and what? no, no, written terribly, because it all has the Joker isms in it. it's not quite, you know, it's not quite clear. but, I mean, the fact that the laughing ends, you take that as death? yes? I'll take that as Batman's killed the Joker. and which Grant Morrison also backed up. yeah, he said that people don't seem to realize it's called The Killing Joke because it's the joke that makes Batman kill the Joker. so, back up Batman. there Fatman on Batman, the brilliant interview with Grant Morrison, why. he discusses this in a lot more detail. and, but I definitely do take it as Batman kills the Joker. and you can sort of see this by the fact that laughing stops it as well. yeah. so, yeah, it's, it's, it's just, was just the silence to it. and he's got, he's clearly, Batman clearly got his hands around the Joker's throat. and then you can see in the next panel that the jogger saw kneeling down, and then the laughter just stops. they handle it quite well in the animated movie. yeah. and I come to the same conclusion watching that. and of course, Jeff Jones has decided all of a sudden that we've now got three Joker's, so this could have been the first, right? right? hey, Batman kills him, and then he just represses the memory. and, I mean, the argument that it ends and starts with the rain, as if nothing changes, does that not hold weight for, you know, it is kind of a, it's kind of a permanent more thing, isn't it? he's doing that sort of stuff. so, yeah, I think I'm with you. I think the Joker's probably been killed. yeah, it's, yeah, it is called the [ __ ] killing joke. so it's kind of, yeah. and it's something more would do, something he did, like a weekend at Bernie's with the Joker, when he brought the body out, and Gordon was there, like, it's okay, see, is he all right? he's Batman. she was like, nodding his head. corny, I'm crying. I still put his thumb under his chin and makes his lips moving. come on quick. I've never been better. sorry about your daughter, Gordon, has Batman ever killed? yeah, wasn't the first ever comic Batman killed him. he just pushed some guy in. it some chemical waste to it. it seems to be one of his favorite things to do. judging by this it maybe was angry when he got to the Red Hood and the Red Hood jumped in there voluntarily. it was like, damn. I was just about to push him. and, you know, that's not a thing, that is the Killing Joke. it's not, you know, too lengthy, but I think it's a perfect length and for what it is. you know, it is one of the Batman stories. I haven't read as many as death, but it's definitely one of my favorites. is a great Alan Moore story. you've probably read it if you're listening to a watchman podcasts. if you haven't yet, definitely pick it up. definitely read it, and come back to this episode and check out our analysis of it, obviously, and go watch the animated movie and ruin it for yourselves. yeah, it's that trash of hurdies. fresh the first 45 minutes. Bruce Timm who did the animated have Batman series legendary. he basically has free reign over it. and he has Batman and Barbara, like, date, like, sleeping with each other, am. and also, there's the character that likes, it's basically a Batgirl story. and it's about Batman, Batgirl, capturing this character who's also obsessed with her, much in the same way that the Joker is. so the the pretty much tell the same story twice. and, but some of the dialogue is like horrendous. like, there's a, Barbara's got this like, gay friend in it who, you know, we I'm not against gay people, Tom, you know, I'm, but it's, so, it doesn't fit the lay, you know, having this sort of ugly BAE character, um, so cracking jokes alongside Barbara Gordon. and then she's talking like the villain at one point, like, Batgirl hits a, hits him, and he goes, is it that time of the month? I know, it's very, like, it's got none of the sophistication that Moore had. it's very stereo, like to get. if they had like, a fully developed gay character, I wouldn't mind, but it's very much the stereotypical gay best friend character who's there to like a dagger land a teen love. and then they, Batman and Batgirl sleep with each other, and she rings up, like, she rings mob, like, hey, it's not, it's only like, we we slept with each other, like nothing major, you know, like you don't have to care. I don't care. we don't care. we can just be like this. and that's genuinely like one of the dialogue scenes in it. and it's just, it completely cheapens the character. and I would say, if you want to watch The Killing Joke, just start 45 minutes in and you'll be fine, lads, you'll be fine. and they do not press for a whine to not watch any of that DVD before that. okay, okay, yeah, of her. I remember when it came out, it was Panda, and not seen it. yeah. what about the actual take on the main story? it's exactly the same. and Mark Hamill does the Joker voice, but he does a really dialed back version of it, and he seems almost bored, I'm and it's, that's disappointing as well. like, Hamill obviously didn't an amazing job with the anime, amazing job with the animated series and the Arkham games. so it's, it's really just a shame around it, be honest. and the worst thing is that Mark Hamill, for years said he would only ever come back and do the Joker if they did The Killing Joke. and they did it. and it was kind of the ya-ya. more isn't too much. you a fan of The Killing Joke? he actually said in 2003, quote, The Killing Joke is a story about Batman and Joker. it isn't about anything. he ever gonna even care in real life, because the Batman and Joker are not like any human beings that have ever lived. so there's no important human information being employed. yeah, it was something that I thought was clumsy, misguided. it had no real human importance. it was just about a couple of licensed DC characters. it didn't relate to the real world in any way. yeah, fair enough. I mean, obviously they're not real. I don't know what area I think more just sort of more is, you know, he's his own worst critic. and he probably doesn't like most of his work, to be honest, which makes him cooler, because, like the lads, got such high standards of himself. if you don't like your own stuff, though, you're never gonna get better. if you make like what you think the perfect thing is, you're just gonna end up mimicking it all the time. so I'm glad that we've got Helen Moore who hates his own stuff, and he's constantly trying to better himself. yeah, he's, he's doing his war and peace' novel on Northampton, which is out Jerusalem. but, I mean, the influence on Joker stories cannot be, you know, overstated, really. it's quite incredible how much, yes, led from the mythology. that's a great book, to be honest. it's almost as good as Doomsday Clock, if you - which is a perfect 10 out of 10. they go by their abuse. I just look it on the Wikipedia, because there's many video games that it's referenced in. apparently, apparently an injustice 2013, you could get logo costume. yeah, yet the Killing Joke pack ichigo's Hawaiian attire, Red Hood and his hat and long coat. that's very cool. they also do it quite heavily in Batman Arkham Knight, where Batman gets cast with scarecrow fear toxin, and he goes to Barbara's apartment, and he has a hallucination that she's on the floor sprawl. I know that she's in her apartment. and then she answers the door, the Joker person and shoots her. and it's, it's a nice little callback. and, I don't think anything that's ever referenced it, though, was dinner as good as the original? like, on the on my website when I reviewed it, they got a nine point five out of ten, right? so, yeah, really good. but, yeah, this is about light, which is almost as high as Doomsday Clock, right? well, no, it's like to say, but I'm sorry, it's not very good. it's just, I'm not injured, but I'm, we're gonna review it. and, like, you know, I enjoy reviewing it and stuff like that. I know what happens death, but it's just, I can't comedy father. but it's like a lot of things. a lot of films on Rotten Tomatoes get high schools, and I watch them, I'm like, really? yeah. I'm gonna do a video about Rotten Tomatoes. don't work Tom and just aggregates in general, don't work because you like them. have you seen mother? I know, I have enough habits place build. yeah, there's people who think it's like, the best film ever made, and there's people who think it's the worst film ever made. and run tomorrow. it's like 70%. but, you know, there's no one watching that movie who goes, oh, that was a seven out of ten. movie, see the people who say it's a 10 out of 10, not people who'd say to one hour 10. so, you know, don't go from 2 miles, yeah, especially if you like DC. [ __ ] hell. oh, yeah. I think you've only got one [ __ ] good movie on there in the past five years. yeah, it's pretty, it's pretty awful. but this is, you know, this has been us doing a little detour, as you say, into The Killing Joke. we will be back soon for is issue 7 or 8 run for Watchmen. we've got quite a few to go, so we'll check out. please subscribe to the channel, comment on the videos, get in touch of us, watching the Watchmen pod at gmail.com. you know, we love to read our emails. you'll reviews, your takes on Watchmen. anything else we discussed death your websites and that, if it's still up. it's not, no, I've been trying to fix it while be doing Podcast, but it's not, it's not happening. but the links are down below, and you definitely read the colu by the time. this is a bit peaceful. yeah, I'm sure. I've rebuilt it from scratch. yeah. oh, so, yeah. thank you all for listening. and deaf as always, it's been good. man, yeah, great. man, go talk. and you take care everyone. and thanks very much for checking out the podcast. it's a good night from me, and it's a good night from cui, yes. [Music]. 