Hugh Jackman made Wolverine a worldwide phenomenon after his betrayal of the character in the highly successful x-men film franchise. an unknown at the time of casting the role transformed him into a household name. and Jackman has had an astounding career ever since stepping into the role of weapon. acts since leaving the part and effectively killing the character off in the seminal Logan, Jackman has created some pretty big shoes to fill. and whilst obscene names bandied about, like Tom Hardy, Carl Irvin and Luke Evans, I personally think that there is a far better fit for the role, someone who has recently just been released from his demanding schedule. that man is Andrew Lincoln. Andrew Lincoln has starred in teachers Love Actually, and this life that most probably know him for betraying Rick Grimes in the show The Walking Dead. the TV show became a phenomenon upon its release in 2010, and a lot of that success can be attributed to Lincoln carrying it through its eighth season run. while it may have dipped in quality as of late, it's clear that it wasn't because of Lincoln's ability to act and not once his seem like he is phoning it in or giving it his all. similar to this, Jackman always gives a hundred and ten percent in every role that he takes. and the two definitely share an undeniable work with Lincoln, Ezra crimes was able to showcase all of the dynamics that he has as an eider, and this was the perfect audition to send him on to bigger and better things. Lincoln can be aggressive, intelligent, broken and cold-blooded. this emotional range is needed in order to betray the Wolverine for several reasons. the character's history is steeped in tragedy. and here's how to witness the death of everyone that he loves, whether it's having to murder Jean Grey with his own two claws, watching Professor X be killed and advertently by himself being cloned, was seeing his daughter hunted and on the run. Wolverine has a lot going on similar to this. Rick Grimes is also dealt with loss. and watching Lincoln act as a man has not only lost his wife, but also his child, cemented that he will be able to deliver the heartbreaking agony that has been seen in the x-men films thus far. what is most exciting about this timing is that it was recently announced that The Walking Dead star is departing the show. and this would clear up this busy schedule in order to allow him to act in other projects, something that has been stifled thus far due to the demanding nature of working on such a show. with the Disney / Fox acquisition getting closer and closer by the minute, the house that Mickey Mouse built will clearly be wanting to record what has gone before and start afresh with an actor that can grow into the role and give it his all. Lincoln is perfect for this, and I really hope that he's given the opportunities that he deserves upon leaving The Walking Dead. so who do you think should play Wolverine in future movies? do you agree with my choice, or do you have an even better actor for the role? comment below and let me know, as I'd love to hear your thoughts. thanks very much for taking the time out to watch this video. and if you enjoyed it, please subscribe to my channel, as I post discussions like this weekly, and there will definitely be something on here that you know. recently, I discussed the Snyder Code of Justice League, as well as the ending of Jurassic world, fallen Kingdom, and where I think the sequels will go. you can check those out at the end of this video. again, thanks very much for taking the time to watch this. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 