welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka the Nemesis of spoiler free reviewers. and this episode, were breaking down the secret ending of Resident Evil 3. the remake differs from the original in many ways, and even has a special secret ending that sets up several sequels. throughout this video, we'll be going over the full part of the game, its eventual ending and some leaks on Resident Evil 8. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to play through the game yet and don't want anything ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. and if you enjoy them, please drop a thumbs up. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into a breakdown of Resident Evil 3. okay, so from the off, the game feels like kill Jill, directed by Quentin Tarantino. nemesis is relentless appoints, and the guy really needs to learn about social distancing, because god damn. in the opening of the game, he attacks Jill in her apartment during the Raccoon City outbreak, and stalks her, evolving over time into a bigger and better beast. unlike the original, there's only one ending for the game, so don't worry about the choices you make, though. you can get one where Nikolaj wins. he even throws a knife through Jill's head. maybe this should have sent him after Jill, because this guy sucks. anyway, the basic plot is quite simple, with Jill teaming up with a group of umbrella forces known as the u BCS that were originally brought in to help people evacuate. however, there is a special agent within the group that has secret orders to cover up the entire operation, collect data on the experiments and destroy the vaccine, that is Nicolai. Jill races through the city with the help of you BCS members Carlos and Tyrell, and she even gets infected herself. however, that Carlos manages to gain a vaccine, and the two discover a secret umbrella facility in the basement of a hospital that is packed with tyrants and hunters. Tyrell tells her that there's an incoming missile strike, but that they have a ride out of there if they manage to get a vaccine. Jill manages to manufacture this, but nikolai takes it from her. jill is forced to fight the nemesis, whilst carlos chases they collide down, but she defeats the creature by using a gigantic railgun that would make Metal Gear Rex blush. Gel makes it to the rendezvous point where she discovers a conquest Carlos. and Nicolai appears with a vaccine, which he then destroys. both Nicolai and umbrella want the missile strike to go ahead as it will completely cover up the outbreak. Jill was a survivor of the Spencer mansion outbreak, and she was threatening to unearth the secrets that umbrella had hidden. this is why they sent the nemesis after her. and it's clear that the corporation wanted to hide all of their dirty doings. Nicolai was absolutely loving this, and it really becomes a massive antagonist for Jill to go off against health at gunpoint. it seems like jill has no way out of it. however, call us Rises, and, with help from GLA, managed to wound Nikolai, and they escaped in the helicopter. whilst the city's eradicated. I don't know why they didn't need the vaccine to board the helicopter, like Tyrell said, but hey, who knows? anyway. unfortunately, unlike the original Barry Burton isn't the pilot of the ride. but on the chopper, Jill and call us make a promise. that is to take down umbrella. even though they don't have any evidence, as the labs and creatures were all destroyed, they still dedicate themselves to bring down the company. now, going forward, I definitely think that this will be a main storyline in the upcoming games. after the credits, we are treated to a brief scene in which we see an unknown character with a broken vaccine vial. though this isn't confirmed, I think it's a pretty safe assumption to make that this is Jill, and that she's keeping the vial as a reminder of the events. throughout the game, umbrella proved time and time again that they were more interested in money than they were human life. this was exemplified in Nikolai, who openly bragged about how he valued money above saving people in the city. and Jill must take them down. I never really understood umbrellas plans, because if they make everyone a zombie, then who do they sell that stuff to but never mind, that's mainly in the movies. anyway, this symbol of the broken vial, to me, metaphorically shows how all the proof that Jill had has been blown apart. these two contained the cure for the virus. and therefore, this shattered symbol of it reminds us that hope is bleak for Jill and Carlos, but they're not out of it yet. you may remember, at the end Resident Evil 2, now, Claire and Leon made a similar promise, and they vowed to take umbrella down once and for all. I am gonna have to clarify something about Resident Evil eight and nine later in the video, but for the moment, when I'm discussing the future game, I'll just be referring to it as Resident Evil 8. going forward, I think that in Resident Evil 8, we will finally see the two pairs team up and join forces in order to bring an end to the corporation. if this was always the plan to drop Resident Evil with these characters in it. and it makes a lot of sense to also put out the remakes back-to-back to remind us of their stories and plight. how do you think they are pulling this all together for a big game going forward. and the two endings being quite similar definitely cement that for me. now, before we get into the news we have on Resident Evil 8, I just wanna let you know we're giving away a free copy of the Star Wars Skywalker saga box set to one random subscriber. all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the game in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of April, and this up be shipped out from the end whoever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. ok, so this morning, on the 4th of April, Twitter account aesthetic gamer drop the following tweets when discussing Resident Evil 8. ok, so the little game is done. this will be breaking this month with more details later. not by myself, but I've needed to clear some stuff up. Resident Evil 2021 is Resident Evil 8, but it wasn't always Resident Evil 8. during most of its development, that existed is revelations 3. the reason I said re 8 was the ads away earlier this year. as last year, re 8 was in development, and that one is years away. but a Capcom didn't want a huge gap between re 7 and re 8, so that title got pushed to the side for now. and internal testing and such was super positive on Rev 3. revelations 3 was received a lot better by testers, internally, etc, than they expected. so the game is being given an additional year in the oven to convert itself to hari 8. the Ambassador leaks about werewolves and Ethan in a snowy village, or 100% true, but they're outdated info. the game has been going through some huge changes to make a more mainline title. big changes to the story, characters, etc. so specifically, what you've heard may not be fully true in the final but a number of elements remain the same. so as I've said, it's a cross-gen game that should be revealed within the next few months. it is first person, and many purists are going to hate it, because it's taking some serious departures in the story / enemies and the like. hallucinations, occultism and sanity and not being able to trust others are huge thematics of the game. the rest I'll leave to be revealed later this month. but the game I am incredibly excited about. and I think knows, weary should be open-minded. most who played the game near finished his rev3 think it's terrific. it'll probably be a high quality game. but I do know the original idea was it was going to be revealed at e3, but of course, that's not happening now. so there's a lot to unpack from that. and it sounds like they're taking massive diversions from what the game series has been so far. now it does sound like Resident Evil 8 is now going to be Resident Evil 9, and revelations 3 is instead going to be renamed as Resident Evil 8. so though I have said the characters will be reappearing for that game, it is a bit confusing to talk about, but I think it will more lean towards them being in Resident Evil 9, and perhaps things being set up in Resident Evil 8. the mention of occult elements makes a lot of sense, as these have already appeared in Resident Evil 4 and 7. however, here it sounds like they're leaning a lot more into it. obviously, there are a lot of changes here. and whilst I would probably prefer a third-person adventure, moving the perspective. the first person has been set before and does seem legitimate. the entirety of Resident Evil 7 was, of course, in first person. and even the opening of Resident Evil 3 2 contained a first person element. it sounds like umbrella are mixed up in some really bad things. and going ahead, whether it's in Resident Evil 9, think it does make sense for Leon clad Jill and call us the team up to take them down. Resident Evil 7 also featured the return of Chris Redfield for the finale. and I think that the pieces are slowly falling into place to bring the main leads of the series together for one more showdown. who knows, we may even get some returning castmembers, searches, sherry Birkin and the enigmatic ADA one. there's a ton of things to look forward to. and after completing the Resident Evil three remake in a day, I have to say, I'm still as invested in the series now as it was back when I first played it in the 90s. Resident Evil just has something about it. and as long as they keep making quality games in the main series, I'm definitely interested in jumping back in. overall, I had a blast with the game, and though I wish that nemesis hadn't evolved so quickly. I have to say that it was a relentless ride from start to finish. I think it's the perfect sequel to Resident Evil 2. and now they are set in this same scenario, have similar controls and the idea of escaping from a giant monster. they do differ in many ways. Resident Evil 2 was a slower paced game that relied more on its atmosphere and tension, whereas 3 is just non-stop action. I probably prefer to at the moment. but the fact that are pretty much sat and played through the new game in one sitting shows how invested I was. it always gave me a reason to keep playing. and that opening half-hour is absolutely incredible. as a Resident Evil fan, I couldn't be happier, as these last two games have been incredible, and I really can't wait to see what's coming next time. if you love action horror games, you need to play this. and though I think some elements could have been improved upon, it's still an awesome ride. overall, resident evil 3 is packed, and it gets an 8 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the game. and what you took from the ending of it? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and make sure you check out our breakdown of Zack Snyder's original 5 film plan for the DC EU. we go over all of the films in the outline and discuss what would have happened in them too. so it's definitely worth checking out. even if you only have a passing interest. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate it. and as a thank you, get access to content early. if you want to come chat to us after the show, either follow us at Definition YT or click the discord link in the description below. that was the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. [Music]. 