welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where they all float. with it. chapter 2, closing the book on the Battle of the losers Club versus penny wise. I thought I'd revisit one of my older videos and bring it fully up today with the new movie. I just want to give a huge thank you to everyone who watched the breakdown last time, and thanks for getting it to six million views. you guys are the best. and a massively appreciate all of the support on the channel. once again, I've been through both films with a fine-tooth comb to let you know all of the times that penny wise popped up in the background of scenes. and this is now the definitive list for every appearance of the character. it's crazy the amount of times that he pops up. and hopefully this list will enrich in your love for the two films by showing you just how much of a hold that the killer Klown has on the town of Derry. there's gonna be huge spoilers here, so if you haven't had a chance to watch both films yet, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, let's get into my breakdown of every time that penny wise was hidden away in the background of a scene. okay, so while this start in the beginning of it chapter one, within the first five minutes, before Georgie even comes face to face with the character in the sewers. as Georgie makes his way down to the basement, he passes several impressions of Pennywise, and even almost bumps into the character directly when making his way down the stairs to the bottom part of the house. throughout his home, there were several images of Pennywise ingrained into the wallpaper as Georgie makes his way to get the wax. and in a blink in, you'll miss a moment that roughly takes place over two frames. you may also know as penny wise, his small, shiny eyes watching the young boy at the top of the stairs as he descends the flight of steps. this is the first of many examples that shows that it's always one step behind its prey, constantly stalking them and waiting for the perfect moment to attack. whilst it also appears later in the scene hiding under the stairs. who knows how long it followed Georgie fall before making its attack. however, it does semaine that once Pennywise has its eyes on you, it's difficult to get away. up next is the library scene with Ben, in which there are several minor appearances by penny wise before he makes his final play and tries to attack the car in the basement of the building. I guess the rule is, if there's a killer Klown after you, just don't go downstairs anywhere. anyway, the first one comes in the form of the creepy librarian that slowly watches Ben as he reads about the history of Derry. throughout the seen, the mysterious librarian creepily stares at him, smiling as he digs deeper into what exactly may be going on in the town. it's a really haunting scene, and is something that I didn't even pick up on my first couple of watches. though the more you focus on the background of the scene, the more you realize that Pennywise is slowly making his play. I know it was comments last time and people saying it was just a woman doing a job, but she's also standing in the exact same position that the balloon appears in in the next shot. that leads Ben to go down into the basement, which cements for me that the character is indeed taking on her form. another blink in your missive moment also happens in the scene when Ben is flicking through the book. in a small frame that flies by so fast you have to screenshot in order to see it, you will see it in the children's Easter egg hunt that infamously ended in disaster in the top corner of the photo. when paused, you'll notice a blurry vision of Pennywise that shows it was the cause behind the massacre and has been in the town at several key points. as we know from eight-penny wises often at the center of many famous disasters in Derry. and this confirms that it was indeed behind the many deaths in the Easter egg hunt. soon after this scene, Ben is caught by Henry Bowers, and we see a balloon pop up in the back window of a car during the attack. as he calls out for help, it goes completely unnoticed. and this shows that Pennywise has a hold over the adults in Derry and is physically controlling them so that they will appear nonchalant to any trouble at the children in the area get into. this is why Beverly's father can't see the blood in the bathroom, and why, in one of the films many deleted scenes, Bill's father is unable to see that the basement is flooded after the encounter with Georgie and Pennywise down there. whilst the one in the car is rather obvious and adds a nice amount of subtext to the city, and definitely lets you know that Pennywise has the ability to reach into pretty much every aspect of Derry. the next one comes during the scene in which the losers Club try and help Ben with his cuts. the characters are all leaning up against the wall with graffiti behind them, which seems innocuous enough, until during the scene, Pennywise his face appears in the marking, watching them. the face definitely isn't there earlier in the scene, so it's safe to say that this has been done with something else other than a spray can. it's an awesome little addition that once again cements just how able Pennywise is with hunting. is prey. it can follow them wherever it wants to, and this makes it infinitely more terrifying. up next is another rather obvious one, but I thought I'd include it in case you missed it. during the scene in which the losers Club all admit that they're afraid of something, we can see a clown on the stage in the background, staring at the group. and when Richie says that he hates clowns, the figure reaches out menacingly to him with the balloon, and from this point just stares at him. now we can in fact confirm that that is Pennywise. the clown is actually played by Bill skarsg\xc3\xa5rd, who also plays penny wise. so it's clear that he's using the forum to spy on the children. and this scene is given more weight in his chapter two, when Richie is haunted by the creature at the same location. penny wise also makes an appearance in the TV show that seems to be plastered across every television screen and dairy whilst penny wise definitely does appear in it at the end, taunting Henry to kill his own father. if you go back and watch the movie, you will notice that this show also appears in the rest of the film, throughout the entire town. firstly, Eddie's mother is sat watching it when the children go out. and later, Beverly sneaks past her father, who too is watching it. so it might just be a great thing to watch, like the heavy spoilers show, right? well, you can actually hear the woman in the show say, it's okay to go and play in the sewers. it's safe and fun. this is, of course, telling children to enter penny Wiser's domain and to potentially become its next meal. so yeah, it's definitely probably the creepiest thing that anyone could be watching. sitting next to the presenter are the missing children from Derry, who all have severe wounds in their body that probably indicate the brutal way that Pennywise killed them. this entire TV show is another method that penny wise uses to control the town. and what makes it clear that penny wise is behind it all is cemented by the fact that it's plain when Beverly sneaks past her father, then when we cut back to the TV moments later, it's just playing static. next up on the way to the house on your belt street, before the losers Club enter, we can see a bottle with Bob Gray written on it, which is a callback to penny wise who famously used the moniker Bob gray, is a reference to the serial killer Albert fish, who - used the pseudonym when carrying out his killings. the final one in the film comes in the house and near bolt street, in which Ricci becomes trapped in a room full of dolls. not only is there one that resembles the original Pennywise, portrayed by Tim Curry in the 1990s miniseries, there's also one that looks like the updated version on the right hand side. both sides of the room show the history of Pennywise, and it showcases that the character was watching Ricci far before he jumped out of the coffin to attack him. and that's all of the ones from it chapter one. and before we move on, I just wanted to point out one that you might have missed in spider-man far from home. this one's way too short to do a full video on, but early on in the film, at the 18 minute mark, Jake Gyllenhaal, aka Mysterio, can be seen stalking Peter Parker, way before he's formally introduced to the character. not only does Mysterio pull a penny wise here, but he also puts illusions into people's heads. so I thought I'd include this in this list. anyway, back to it, chapter two. the first one that we see in the film is during the introductory logos, in which we can see the dead lights flowing around the Warner Brothers and New Line logo. this is a nice way to kickstart the movie, and that lets us know that these will be major parts of the film. when we're introduced to Henry Bowers, we can see in his room images of penny wise on the wall, most notably a red balloon, which shows that he never really caught out of his head. the next major one we see appears during Mike's vision of how to carry out the ritual of chert. when viewing how it came to dairy, we can see a form of Pennywise standing behind Mike, mimicking his movements. and also in the scene, we see the original form that it used to attack the Native Americans in the area, which was a giant bird and huge beasts. one of the forms first, but second looks like the original spider form that is seen at the end of the 1990s miniseries. and in Mike's room is actually a poster with Pennywise on, which is promoting the dairy Canal days. there's no reason that Mike would want to have an image up of the thing that scared him the most throughout his entire life. so I have a sneaking suspicion that penny wise put it there himself. the next one is pretty obvious, and was shown in the teaser trailer for the film. this is Bob gray, who, in the scene, we discover was a victim and alter-ego that penny wise adopted at the star of the prior century in Terry. this callback to the ball from the previous film is nice, and there's also some hints that penny wises in the room just before Beverly enters it, you including the door, which says Marsh before changes to Kirsch. and when Beverly Knoxville scars, God's voice can be heard answering the door and asking who's there. this shows that Pennywise probably made us play at the last second and jump there, creating the illusion just before Beverly knocked. when Ben revisits the school, we also get a hint that Pennywise is, in fact using Beverly's form, as its shadow appears in front of the projector before there's seemingly a fake out and we see that it's just Bev. well, in hindsight, we know that this was indeed the character popping up to a know Ben, before quickly changing its form to try and get him to let his guard down. I guess you should just never go to summer school, or whenever this was that Ben attended a it was also fighting the creature, making friends and building an underground bunker. yeah, some of these raccoons don't work. anyway, we also see a cameo by Annie machete, director of the film, when Eddy visits the pharmacy. I have no idea why that's in this list. I just thought I'd put it in there as a nice little easter egg. anyway, when bill chases the boy that now lives in his old house at the funfair in order to save him from the snatch of the killer clown, we can see several elements of the funhouse that featured the 1990s miniseries penny wise, played by Tim Curry. they're not your typical punching bags, as they all must knock bill off his feet when banging into him, showing that penny wise always packs a punch. and finally, at the end of the movie, when Beverly is in the bathroom, against the wall, we can see a graffiti version of penny wise pressed into the stall. this isn't in the stall in the first film when Beverly sits there and is tormented by Greta the bully. so it looks like this was later added by the creature in order to leave an impression. this crudely drawn kid's version of the character lets you know that penny wise will always be a part of dairy one way or another. and it's a nice little squiggle that holds a lot more weight to it and a simple drawing. and that's every time that I noticed penny wise popping up in the background of a scene in both films. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on these. did you notice them and have you spotted any more? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and if you want something else to watch after this, then make sure you check out my breakdown of the upcoming it's super curt that's been confirmed by director Andy mache. I go over all of the scenes I'll be added into it, as well as some of the new ones. so it's definitely worth checking out a few. no more, if you want to come talk to me about movies, TV shows, games and comic books. and you can follow me on twitter at definition YT. it's the best way to get in touch with me, and it's the perfect place to suggest new videos and content. so hopefully I see over there. up to this also, just one let you know that we're giving away a free copy of spider-man, far from home on blu-ray. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning, and still like this video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts and the penny wise appearances in the comment section below. the winner will be chosen at random on October the 15th, and the blue arrow be shipped out from then whoever gets the prize. so best of luck to everyone he takes part. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you 