listen, shark movies have clearly been on the rise. so any chance that a studio has to make one, they're gonna bite. but when you include Jason Statham, you're gonna need a bigger boat, a bigger cast. and yet, somehow it only ended up being a rented since this wasn't the movie that Jason Statham set out to make. let me explain. I'm a huge fan of Jason Statham, right? that dude transports you into the action so well that he's getting his own Fast and Furious spin-off franchise. and he was just supposed to be like a one-off villain in that. I also really like national treasure, so seeing the director make this one sounded kind of fun. but then finding out that Eli Roth was meant to direct it, it just lets you know how bloody was supposed to be. in fact, Jason Statham himself said he wanted more of the gore he signed up for, and not the jokes that were swapped in to make this pg-13. so it just makes you go, why? oh right. like I said, I do give it a Renta, right, because it is dumb fun. but mercy me, I can only imagine how dope it could have been if they would have kept it rated. R, I mean, this movie finished filming two years ago, and they were just waiting for a release. they also played the China funding game, which, you know, me, diversify it all you want, definitely more diversity, but we can tell when you're just stuff in foreign talent in to secure the bank. I mean, it's also been the same actress too, for all the other movies that I've been getting the funding. and it's nothing against her, but it's kind of like when you hang out with your girlfriend's little brother who you don't really care for, but you do it because you know, you want to smash and the mag did smash those numbers opening weekend. I didn't even know how many shark movies that were out there. I didn't know there was a craving for these movies until my buddy Ryan made a video covering 101 of them. I know - oh, no, shark attack. F heavily on sharks. [Music], she's totally [ __ ]. so in the Meg Dwight over here is basically John Hammond from Jurassic Park, who spared no expense to create this underwater research facility and also give everyone massive watch sponsorships. problem is that part of the crew gets stranded down below, because the Megalodon that Jason told everybody was real reappears and wants revenge. Jason that needs to come out of retirement to go rescue them. but on the mag's it's right through the thermal rift that was keeping it down below. and I was ready to get its own blockbuster now. well, everyone in the movie was so surprised, because they just discovered an extinct species house over here, pondering how Ruby Rose's hair like, how does it stay wet all the time, looking like Ibuki from Street Fighter 24/7? they then realize that the best way to kill it is by literally sending Jason Statham on his own swimming up to tag the beast, which, of course, only turns this man in the shark bay, and the Meg comes after him, looking like, ooh-ahh, like you know those wakeboarding videos gone wrong with her just being dragged. imagine that, but with a shark as dumb as it was. that was my favorite scene in the movie cuz Statham got so scared, this man just started singing, just keep swimming. I don't know if Hollywood has copyright bots are not bad. I swear this man was covering dory. eventually, they're able to kill the mag and toby flenderson, when turns out there's two Meg's. at this point, it just turns into the Italian Job underwater with the second meg and Jason ends up taking a page from his slasher counterpart and straight up machetes the Megalodon right down the middle. he saves the day. he gets the girl and then, and they ended it with the word fin y'all. couldn't help it, could you? thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. like I said, it sucks when the studio messes with the movie in order to get the pg-13 rating because they want more money, right? it was. so it's like the complete opposite with eighth grade. a movie called eighth grade, and eighth grade, eighth graders can't go see it because they decided to make it ready to add. oh, I don't know. I just wish that they would have stuck with the original thing, because it probably would have been a better movie. you know, like Mad Max was rated R they kept that rating. they didn't bring it down just because they wanted to, I don't know, make it have more mass appeal. maybe this would be a good universal right? I don't know. other than that, I'm curious to know your thoughts. don't forget to comment, like, and subscribe down below, and I'll send you a copy of the Oscar snub Shark Tale. 