Welcome to Slash Forward. In this episode, we\xe2\x80\x99re going to explore the most realistic representation of what it would be like to live in a world where ghosts were real, but only visible and available to interact with when wearing a certain type of specialty glasses. I am, of course, referring to the 2001 cult favorite, Thirteen Ghosts. After losing his wife in a terrible house fire, Arthur finds himself struggling to hang on and nearly destitute, despite the fact that he has two kids and a hired nanny. Just when he needs it the most, his estranged uncle comes to the rescue by dieing and bequeathing his vast estate to his favorite nephew. The family goes to explore their new home, which inexplicably seems to have both plumbing and electricity, despite the fact that every wall, floor and ceiling is comprised of a single pane of shatterproof glass. But it\xe2\x80\x99s easy to be distracted from this by all of the fantastic items contained inside the house, and also by a particular number of ghosts therein. As they unlock the mysteries of this architectural abomination, will Arthur be able to navigate the various dangers that imperil his children? That\xe2\x80\x99s a rhetorical question, we\xe2\x80\x99re going to find out as we go through it. now. Be sure to hit the like button as soon as you see your favorite of the dirty dozen, and leave a comment if you saw this movie at release and what your impression of it was. It seems to be gaining more and more of a following as time goes on, and I\xe2\x80\x99m interested in how it was perceived back in the day. Let\xe2\x80\x99s get to it. We open in a warm and inviting junkyard, and try not to toss our cookies as they get creative with the camera work. The calm is interrupted by a tanker truck busting through and leading the way for a caravan of very official looking SUVs. An army of officials then pour out and start setting up equipment. As they do so, rich-daddy Cyrus rolls up with Dennis, his subordinate, who happens to be suffering a pounding headache due to being in proximity to some ill-defined presence. We come to learn that he has a power that has led them here in search of the spectral version of a prolific, and formerly corporeal, serial killer. After pointing the way, they bring in the cube, and Dennis is put to work. Meanwhile, Damon and Kalina, a couple of empathetic ghost hunters, are captured nearby and brought in to be sneered at for their naive support of the post-life community. They insist their spell book and a thirteenth ghost are prerequisites for success in whatever is going on here, but Cyrus has a cube, sooo it\xe2\x80\x99s all good. They also have a bait truck that drenches the grounds in the blood of innocents. After the stage is set, they start blasting some Necronomicon over the loudspeakers. This sure does summon a ghostly presence, but it\xe2\x80\x99s to the detriment of the men\xe2\x80\x99s skeletal composition. With the whole place essentially falling apart, a single, brave nobody successfully lures the ghost into the cube with the sacrifice of his own, juicy ass. Once closed, Dennis confirms capture. But at what cost?, Dead bodies are strewn about, and Damon, that one guy we barely know, is dead alongside Cyrus, - the sponsor of this whole affair. We then transition to the most naively idyllic representation of a brother/sister relationship possible, which pans across remnants of an entire lifetime of familial love and affection. Through voiceover, we hear as it transitions to the chaotic noises of a terrible house fire that results in Jean\xe2\x80\x99s death, and leads to the house falling into disrepair, - a reflection of Arthur\xe2\x80\x99s mental state. We emerge from this narrative at their new apartment, where Kathy has been pretty much left solo to raise her bro, little Bobby. And this is despite the fact that they have a live-in maid named Maggie to look after the house. They get along as best they can, and sure, they have their good moments, but are always one spilled cup of coffee away from an outburst of unrestrained rage. Ben Moss then arrives at their door and, despite being a stranger to them, is cordially invited in. As it turns out, Cyrus is Arthur\xe2\x80\x99s estranged uncle, and Ben is the executor of his estate. They fire up his final message on some sort of bespoke media player, and he confirms he has left them everything he has - a key to a house, the one thing they need most. Quite a turn of good luck for these down and out losers, which he hopes makes up for his absence in life. As they consider this, Bobby, the little death freak, overshares as always. Despite the secluded location, which would keep them far from everything familiar, they at least go to check it out. And, in a moment of excitement, they become giddy about how great life may be now. Meanwhile, up ahead, Ben is driving along and serving up looks. Elsewhere, Kalina is in her workshop, gathering up her collection of pipe bombs and magical artefacts before going to go and see what\xe2\x80\x99s up with Cyrus. When the family arrives, they\xe2\x80\x99re taken aback by the postmodern facade of their new, glass house. Also, Dennis happens to be there in that moment, pretending like he\xe2\x80\x99s a power man and claiming the home has caused widespread power outages, in the hope he may gain access. Ben has a black heart, but Arthur is eager to show off his new home. So, he slides in his single-use key and sets into motion some strange machinations. With no walls, they get a little preview before the foyer opens up and invites them in. Inside, they delight in examining all of uncle CC\xe2\x80\x99s cool and exotic items, wondering how much cash they may be able to squeeze out of them. Dennis is given direction to the breaker box in the basement, as Ben leads Arthur to the den so they can handle the final paperwork. Downstairs, it\xe2\x80\x99s revealed through self-exposition that Dennis is looking for a pile of money he suspects is down there. But then some psychic strobing takes him off his goal by presenting some new information that must be addressed. So he puts on his special glasses, and now sees that the glass chambers each contain horrors from the beyond that, apparently, he also can\xe2\x80\x99t hear or be disturbed by when the glasses are off? Upstairs, Arthur hesitates to finalize the deed, as he\xe2\x80\x99s worried about the tax obligations, even though he could also just sell the house. But there is no need, as Ben confirms that he will never again want for money. But then Dennis interrupts the signing to explain to them, in simple turns, that he is Dennis - the Dennis. His uncle\xe2\x80\x99s partner in hunting ghosts. The gravity of this revelation is still not quite landing, so he promises to explain further once they get outside. Unfortunately, the rest of the gang has already scattered, going each in their own direction to scout out their new surroundings and call dibs on the various rooms. Kathy finds the princess suite, filled with only the best fragrances and all the finest oils and liniments. This could not be any more perfect for her. Meanwhile, Dennis continues to insist the home is dangerous, but then keels over and creams his pants as Arthur consistently refuses to decline to touch him. Demonstrating that, for Dennis, the true danger is man. Once he finishes, they look around and discover that Ben is now gone. He\xe2\x80\x99s heading into the basement on his own with some special glasses so he can say what up to some ghosts and then grab the money case. Although the case is, to his detriment, on a pressure pad that causes the house to begin manipulating itself in mysterious ways. Once everything lines up just so, it releases one ghost. The timing for Ben could not be worse, and he attempts to remove himself from this situation by backing up slowly, but retreats only halfway between a pair of sturdy glass doors with no impact detection, - resulting in a full, vertical bodily bifurcation. As Arthur and Dennis go searching, the rest of them go about their business, completely unaware that all around them is blood and death. This becomes very precarious as Kathy is saved just before she completely interrupts tubby time. The adults all group up, then go off in search of Bobby, who is summoned into the basement by one disembodied voice, but then told to go back by another. Rightly confused by the fact that the glasses help him hear things, he goes down to see what he can see. Upstairs, the adults take a quick detour to see if they can even get out, and find out that they can not. They also find out that Dennis brought a backup suit with him, just in case his ruse failed and he wanted to be more comfortable and stylish. Due to his special abilities and potential knowledge of this place, Arthur insists he stick with the group. Back downstairs, there are all kinds of rooms opening all over. Bobby seems to have an innate understanding of the situation. And, with his love for and fascination with all things dead, he ventures ahead fearlessly. Until he sees how gross they can be. This sends him racing off through a funhouse of horrors, and he eventually clips a corner and winds up unconscious. Meanwhile, Dennis explains for our benefit that ghosts are beholden to certain types of spells, which are inscribed on the various walls and surfaces all around them. He also explains the basement situation and establishes the employment of special specs that are necessary to see the ghosts. Arthur doesn't really care for this particular brand of bullshit, and tries to keep him focused on the task at hand. Bobby comes to some time later to a voice telling him to put on his glasses. When he does, he sees his mom approaching, but she\xe2\x80\x99s all burned up. Then Cyrus does something. Due to the size of the house, Arthur recommends splitting up into two groups to cover more ground, while, invisible to them, stuff inside the house keeps spinning. Dennis notes the curious fact that more doors are now open, and then uses the glasses to reveal the reality of ghosts existing to Maggie, which she honestly takes pretty well, all things considered. Of course, her attitude sours when they find themselves dealing with a creepy young lad and a cut up naked lady, both of whom they narrowly avoid. Elsewhere, Arthur and Kathy find Bobby\xe2\x80\x99s recorder and glasses. The recorder only confirms that he may have died screaming, but they put that thought out of their minds. Kathy puts on her bro\xe2\x80\x99s glasses at just the right time to impose upon Arthur the actual existence of ghosts, but at just the wrong time to avoid getting mauled. As she\xe2\x80\x99s dragged around and ravaged, Kalina appears at just the right time to scare off their ethereal attacker with a road flare - a ghost\xe2\x80\x99s only weakness. This allows Kathy to be dragged again, but for her own good this time, and they eventually arrive safely behind a wall of protection. With a moment to breathe, Kalina introduces herself and grants Arthur the gift of sight. She explains Cyrus\xe2\x80\x99s efforts as the enslavement of souls, which she intends to reverse by setting them all free. She also confirms she infiltrated the edifice through a shifting hole that has since closed up. She further explains to them that their new house is actually not a house, at all, but a large machine created from a fifteenth century book that was written under influence of the devil himself. It\xe2\x80\x99s purpose. *I don\xe2\x80\x99t give a shit*. touche. Also, Kathy is now gone, and the boy\xe2\x80\x99s here, but he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t know Kalina intends to free him, so they must run. As the house continues to shift, Maggie inadvertently gets separated from Dennis, locking him in a box sans glasses. While he\xe2\x80\x99s in there, he is assaulted by a dead greaser armed with a sparkle bat. But after avoiding major injury for a few minutes, he\xe2\x80\x99s eventually provided the opportunity to tuck and roll his way out. While that\xe2\x80\x99s going on, Arthur and Kalina hit a dead end, and then are horrified to find that this house contains ghosts. With few spots downstairs free of apparitions, Kalina suggests they make for the well-protected liberry. Dennis and Maggie have a similar thought about the potential safety of being upstairs, but are horrified to find there are ghosts up there as well. But it\xe2\x80\x99s all good, because baby Huey and his grandma sister don\xe2\x80\x99t have the cardio to keep up. In their retreat, they are finally reunited with the others. Feeling safety in numbers, they drop their guard a bit, resulting in Arthur assuming the position and getting his back raked. They toss another flickerstick to free him, and conclude the final leg of their journey. Finally safe, they blow off some steam by arguing about who did what to whom,, etc. - before Arthur commands their attention and insists they get back to a solution-oriented dialogue. But then Kalina reveals to him that the fourth ghost is the spirit of his precious wife. She then takes him through the rogue\xe2\x80\x99s gallery, explaining that the machine releases the ghosts, then draws them in to use their energy to unlock the Occularis - an object that grants its wielder ultimate knowledge. The thirteenth ghost is a failsafe required to shut it down, - a ghost resulting from the willing sacrifice of a life out of pure love. That\xe2\x80\x99s you, Artie, you get to sacrifice yourself!. But Dennis insists there must be another way out of this, and convinces him to make one last attempt to go out into the haunted house to find his kids. Approaching this rationally, they grab a wall of protection to help them along, while Kalina and Maggie go to set some explosive charges. They each venture deep into the machine, slowly and carefully. Soon Kalina finds the heart of the beast - the gravity drive. Then a ghost joins them, and Kalina goes to swat at it with her book, but appears to have poor aim...until the double cross is revealed. She\xe2\x80\x99s excited to be reunited, but Cyrus is like, get off me, woman, I needs m\xe2\x80\x99 spell book. Elsewhere, the boys find themselves in a dire situation. Upon approach of a ghost, Dennis lodges the door in a corner with only room for one of them. So Arthur is wedged in there and forced to watch as Dennis gets all smashed up and cranked across a pole. At the spinning floor portion of the machine, Cyrus gets to work on the spells, while Kalina imperils the kids in an attempt to compel Arthur\xe2\x80\x99s sacrifice, as the thirteenth ghost is actually needed to initiate the machine, not stop it. As this final phase begins, the ghosts all leave, but not before Jean gets in one last goodbye. Now that they\xe2\x80\x99re all prepped up, Cyrus double crosses the double crosser, just to tie off any loose ends. He then arrives at the big show where all the machine stuff starts happening, and Bobby\xe2\x80\x99s there. - remember him?, Artie has a face off with his uncle, recapping in his mind all the rules that were laid out for him and counting off the twelve ghosts. Recognizing that if he is to be the thirteenth ghost, that can only mean\xe2\x80\xa6. They then have a disagreement about who will fulfill that role, and, before reaching common ground, Maggie distracts them on the ones and twos. With the spells no longer running and her flipping switches like crazy, the machine disengages, freeing the spirits and allowing them to take revenge against their master. Ghost Dennis then appears to provide some causal encouragement to Arthur, who times things just right and jumps out to his children in order to save them. Very impressive. Although, it\xe2\x80\x99s not clear to me how him being there changes anything. The machine then falls apart around them, and the ghosts return to the world. Except Jean. - they have a brief staring contest with their ghost mom. When she loses, she\xe2\x80\x99s banished to hell. Finally, just to make sure the movie ends on an up beat, we transition to credits as Maggie lets us all know exactly how she\xe2\x80\x99s feeling. No punches pulled!. Thirteen Ghosts did not receive critical acclaim when it was released. And I get that. It has huge expositional dump outs, and sometimes jumps from one thing to another in order to do what it wants, rather than doing what makes sense. A couple of examples of this would be Dennis\xe2\x80\x99s costume change, or the inconsistent way they utilized the glasses - you can\xe2\x80\x99t see the ghosts without the glasses, but even when they\xe2\x80\x99re on, they seem to blink in and out. Also, people seem to be unaffected by noises the ghosts make, or being physically manipulated by the ghosts, until they put glasses on, but then don\xe2\x80\x99t always need to have the glasses on for these things to take effect. The movie is inconsistent with its own rules. Even so, this film is mostly here to have fun, and I can see why it is now so highly regarded as a cult favorite. If you were younger when you caught this one, it would be like a visual carnival for the senses. It has a Mummy/Tomb Raider vibe and comes across like a Disney Haunted Mansion movie, but rated R so it has extensive gore and adult themes. Also, it has Shannon Elizabeth and Matthew Lillard, automatically making it an extremely \xe2\x80\x9cproduct of the time it was made\xe2\x80\x9d type of movie, which means it\xe2\x80\x99s going to hold some pretty deep-running nostalgic roots for people. Hey, I recently bought a box set of Chuck Norris action movies that I remember running during Saturday matinees on a local station when I was younger, so who am I to judge? Before we go, I\xe2\x80\x99d like to give a huge thanks to my donors, memorialized in the hall of headshots. I have a website set up where you can support the channel through donations or merch. Any donation unlocks uncensored movie reviews of Lifeforce, Under the Skin and Possessor, with others to be added over time. If you enjoyed the video, I\xe2\x80\x99d love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. Thanks for watching. 