Story Recapped here. Today I'm going to explain a teen comedy horror film called The Babysitter. Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take careCole is a twelve-year-old boy who is an awkward kid. In their school clinic, he refuses to let the nurse give him a flu shot. Cole is afraid of needles, which gives the school nurse a difficult time. He gets constantly bullied by his schoolmates as he is a nerd. Melanie is one of the only people who treat him nicely. She accompanies Cole in school, and they are good friends. Melanie's father arrives to pick her up from school; she asks her father if they could give Cole a ride home, but her father is unwilling to do so. On their block, three kids on their bikes approach Cole to intimidate and make fun of him. When Cole acts uninterested, one of the kids, Jeremy, pushes him to the ground and calls him a weirdo while the others laugh. Someone from a distance calls them out. It is Bee, a beautiful young woman, who defends him from the three bullies. She warns Jeremy not to bother Cole and again as she pins a hole on Jeremy's tire. This scares them off, and they flee. Bee is his babysitter, who is one of his closest friends. She checks up on Cole to make sure that he is not physically hurt. Bee takes Cole on a drive home and asks about how his parents are doing. He says that Bee only hangs out with him because she gets paid to do so. However, Bee assures him that she has a great time with Cole regardless; it makes him blush.As they arrive home, Bee reminds Cole that they will see each other again tomorrow night because his parents plan on going on a trip. He sees Melanie next door, and they wave at each other. He looks for his mother and catches her in the backyard fixing traps for rats and other bugs. Cole tells his mother that people call him names at school. She consoles him by saying that things in life are scary when people are young; she assures him that things will get much better when he gets older. In an empty driving space, Cole's father lets him drive to give him lessons. Cole cowardly admits that he is not yet ready and is too scared to accelerate the car. His father understands and takes over. Cole seems to have a good relationship with his parents. His mother and father are both laid-back and are unlike other parents. He enters their room to have a conversation with them, but they are both busy. His father is binge-watching Mad Men, while his mother has paperwork. That night, he goes to his room to open his laptop and watch Mad Men. This is in hopes that he could connect with his father on a deeper level. Cole does not sleep and watches the show until morning. On the bus to school, Cole tells Melanie that he feels like his parents do not like him, and they take every chance they get to avoid being with him, thus, the frequent trips without him. Melanie tells Cole that she thinks Bee brings boys over whenever Cole falls asleep. He gets curious and tells Melanie that he will stay up all night to test their theory. That afternoon, Cole spies on Bee. He sees her by a mini-mart with another guy. They flirt with each other and seem happy. This sparks jealousy in Cole, and he just stares at them until someone hits him with a soccer ball.Later that day, Cole's parents rush as they get ready to leave. They remind Cole of the things that he can and can't do while they are away. The doorbell rings and his mother asks him to get it as it is probably Bee. Cole fixes his shirt before making his way to the front door to welcome his babysitter. They both greet each other with their own handshake. Cole's parents continue to head outside and go about their getaway. Bee and Cole have a night of dancing; they set up lights as if the house is a nightclub. They also swim in the pool and basically have a good time together. While making dinner, Bee and Cole talk about spaceships. These are the rare moments when Cole feels like someone is listening and can relate to the stuff he is interested in. They continue to joke about each other, and after, they decide to have a movie night in the yard. A projector flashes the movie on a wider screen, and both of them take turns reenacting the movie. They go inside the house and crash on the couch. Bee teases Cole on liking Melanie, but he is in complete denial. It's time for bed, but Cole says that he is not tired. Bee decides to let him take a shot, so he could fall asleep faster. He asks her to take a shot with him; she agrees and heads back to the kitchen for her shot. While Bee is out of sight, Cole pours the shot on a vase. As Bee returns, he coughs and pretends that he already drank it.Cole is now in his room, pretending that he is already tired and going to bed. He calls Melanie and discusses their plan to spy on what Bee will do while he sleeps. Bee enters the room to ask if Cole needs anything. He thanks her for being so nice to him and treating him like he is "normal." They continue to have a short but significant conversation about how it is acceptable to be weird. They both say good night, so Bee leaves the room. Half an hour later, the doorbell rings. Melanie encourages him to go see what Bee gets up to after he goes to sleep. He quietly sneaks out of the room and crawls toward the staircase to see what is going on. He sees Bee and several of her high school friends: Max, Allison, John, Sonya, and Samuel. Among the group, Samuel seems to be the odd one out. He just got invited by Bee when they were together at the mini-mart. They are all playing a game oftruth or dareformatted as a game ofspin the bottle. The bottle points at Bee during that round.Max dares her to kiss everyone in the room. First, she gives Max a quick kiss on the lips. Next, she and Allison have a steamy session that takes everyone by surprise. Entertained by this, Cole continues to watch from upstairs. John does not receive a kiss from Bee, and they all laugh. She kisses Sonya on the forehead, then proceeds to Samuel. He refuses to kiss Bee because he does not want anyone looking. He is overwhelmed by the people he just met. Bee finally kisses him. After a few moments, she brutally shoves two knives into his skull\xe2\x80\x94Samuel shrieks in pain and fear. Bee tells him that he is helping them fulfill a greater purpose. From upstairs, Cole's face fills with utter disbelief. He could not process what he is seeing. Bee removes the knives from Samuel's head as he gradually loses a life. They fill the chalice with his blood. John taps Samuel's head as the blood from the left side is not seeping through. However, it bursts, and he is now covered in blood. Cole hears Bee say, "things get messy, when you make a deal with the devil." The chalice is now full of blood, so they lay Samuel in the corner of the room.The group opens a big box to retrieve a book. The book is ancient and delicate, which contains verses that they will use for the ritual. Bee says that they should start as soon as possible so they could head upstairs and get the blood of the innocent. Upon hearing it, Cole gasps, realizing that he will also be used as a human sacrifice. He hyperventilates and tries to call 9 1 1. He reaches the police and informs them that a lifeless guy is in his living room. He finds a pocket knife in his room as a weapon of self-defense. However, he hears the group approach his room, so he pretends to be asleep. Cole hears that Sonya will use a syringe to extract blood from him. He panics but is unable to move as he has no choice but to be still. They hold his arm and insert the needle, but they miss the vein on the first try. They make the second attempt and are successful. Bee tucks him in bed but notices the open window in his room. As soon as they exit, Cole gets up to make a makeshift rope out of his blankets. He rushes to combine the sheets before they return to his room. Ready to climb out the window, Bee finds out that he is wide awake. However, he falls unconscious after losing some blood.Cole wakes up in their living room and is tied to a chair. Bee and her friends gather in front of him. Sonya feeds him a cookie under Bee's command. Her cult question Cole while fending offhis questions by saying they needed his blood for a science project. She says that it is helpful to maintain his sugar levels after fainting. They interrogate him, asking about the window and the sheets. Cole says that he was just trying to sneak out so he could smoke outside. But the group is unconvinced. While they converse, Cole tries to cut the rope using the pocket knife from earlier. Unfortunately, a mirror is behind him, and the group can see his reflection trying to escape. They make fun of him and joke around about his determination to go. Bee decides to let him go and instructs Sonya to untie him. Before going near Cole, police vehicles arrive and put the group in a panic. Bee becomes agitated and asks Cole if he was the one who called the cops and if he saw the Samuel incident. He calls out for help, so Max kicks him to shut him up. Two police officers kick the door open and order everyone to freeze. Max throws a sharp object at one of the officers and hits his eye. The injured officer accidentally pulls the trigger; the bullet hits Allison, and she is thrown across the room. Her left chest becomes bloody because of the wound. As John begs the other officer not to shoot him, Bee comes from behind and slits the officer's neck. To say that the house is in chaos is an understatement. Unsatisfied, Max approaches the officer he attacked and brutally finished him off.The other officers from the station contact the now dead cops through the radio. The group struggles with coming up with what to say because they are not familiar with cop codes. They ask Cole; he gives 10-53, but Bee thinks that it is a trap. She asks him again and says 10-4. They get a sigh of relief as the officers on the radio say, all clear. Allison suffers because of the bullet wounds at the corner, but the group refuses to call an ambulance as it will put them in a critical position. While the rest of them deal with Allison, Cole finds the perfect opportunity to run. He rushes upstairs while John chases him. Cole pushes him; John slips because of a toy car and falls from the second floor. The staircase handle hits his head, and a sharp trophy gets through his neck. Now that one of them is dead, the group gets more agitated toward Cole. He runs to his room and climbs out the window. Unfortunately, Max gets to him and pulls the sheets to get a hold of him. Without a choice, Cole lets go and falls to the ground. He manages to run to the garage and hide under a car while Max is hunting him down. In the crowded space, he sees Samuel's lifeless body. Cole panics, but he cannot let his fear get ahead of him. He looks for valuable tools that can protect himself. In an old toolbox, he finds a firework rocket and comes up with a plan. He reenters the house through the crawlspace where his mother keeps multiple traps for pests. Sonya suspects that Cole is inside. She opens it and enters. He remains still under a thin blanket and holds his breath strictly to prevent any noise. Sonya points the flashlight in Cole's direction. She touches a spider that is right above him. At this point, Cole is terrified, but Sonya decides to leave as she finds nothing. She crawls back to the way out. Cole flicks the spider away, and the trap catches it, causing a noise. Sonya notices it and makes her way back to the young boy. He points the firework at her but misses. Sonya's hands are caught by the mousetraps, which bids time for Cole to get out. He traps her in the basement and ignites a firework rocket with bug spray, burning her to death. The explosion throws Cole across the garden.Max chases Cole outside the house. Cole manages to trip him and kick his private part, causing him extreme pain. Max gets up and strangles the boy. Gasping for air, both of them notice a sound. Cole tells Max that Jeremy, who is his bully, is throwing eggs at his house. Jeremy dances as he enjoys making fun of Cole. After showing appreciation for Cole's ingenuity and urging him to start standing up for himself, Max pushes him to confront Jeremy. Cole threatens Jeremy that he will kick him. He awkwardly throws a kick but fails miserably. In return, Jeremy punches him to the ground. Cole explains that a group of teenagers is trying to kill him and that cops have died inside his house. Although his desperate remarks, Jeremy just cracks an egg into his head. Max helps him up, but Cole punches him. Max chases Cole up a treehouse. When he is about to strangle him to death, the treehouse is too old, causing it to collapse. Max is killed when he falls and is hanged by the rope swing. Cole looks at his body in shock and hears a gunshot. Cole escapes to Melanie's house and explains to her the situation; she informs him that her dad is not around and they are now alone in the house. Bee follows him and opens the doors with ease. She observes the house while looking for signs of them. Both of them manage to stay quiet and wait for a clear signal to move elsewhere. While hiding in a room, Cole apologizes to Melanie for dragging her into this situation and assures her that he will take care of things. He asks Melanie to call the police; then, she kisses Cole before he leaves. They both smile for a split second despite the situation that they are in.Cole returns to his house, but it is completely dark and empty. He tries to stay silent while walking around the house. He finds Allison pretending to be dead; he makes sure that she is not breathing by looking at her intently and checking if she still breathes. He makes his way to the kitchen and finds the gigantic book. Suddenly, Allison attacks him from behind, but he punches her bullet wound, so she gets off him. She continues to go after him using a knife. Before she can stab him, Bee kills her with a cop's shotgun. Allison's blood is now all over Cole's face. He threatens Bee that he will burn the book, which is very important to her. Bee nervously approaches him out of concern of the book. Bee confesses to Cole that she was once insecure and meek like him until she made a deal with theDevilto get whatever she wanted by sacrificing innocent people and spilling their pure blood on an ancient book while reciting its verses. Since then, Bee has been traveling from different places to prey on young boys like him. Although she offers to let him join her cult and tell the cops that they are innocent, Cole refuses and burns the spellbook anyway. This time Bee's charms do not work on him anymore. He runs to Melanie's house to take her dad's car; he drives it recklessly into his house while Bee is distracted by the burning book. The vehicle crashes directly into her. Cole climbs out of the wrecked car. They have one last emotional farewell as they reminisce about their friendship. Bee initiates to do their handshake, but Cole leaves her to die alone. The police officers and firefighters arrive at the house for rescue operations. His parents come and rush to embrace him. He tells his parents that he no longer needs a babysitter anymore. Moments after, Bee attacks a firefighter going through the house. 