hi. so I had posted on Twitter that I was pretty sure the trailers were giving off the vibe that Meryl Streep really wasn't going to be in the sequel. I was right. even more than that was that I had just free watched the first one, right? and when I say the word bamboozled, I mean they're hangover towing you there, pretty much repackaging the same movie and giving it to you. I'm not even saying that as a diss Mamma Mia. no, if there was ever a guilty pleasure out there, it would be these movies. and I was astonished to see how many fans came out to jam-packed that theater opening night. of course, we all know how expensive movies can get. so in case you wanted to catch this opening weekend or in theaters, we partnered with swag bucks on this video to help make your dreams come true. this eyelid JIT gives you cash just for shopping for the stuff you already do. you can watch videos or do surveys from the comfort of your own home and earn points to get gift cards. yes, Cory here said she went on vacation, probably to the Melania Island. thanks. to swag bucks. this is a site we've already been using, so it's tried and true, so it was a no-brainer to have them on as a sponsor, because they're gonna hook you up. so if you like, let me explain, and you also want to sign up and get an instant $5 bonus, click the link down below, because it not only helps us continue making videos, but they're gonna hook you up with money. so shout out the swag bucks are sponsoring the Mamma Mia video. because I never knew the fandom was this big. I mean, a - greeting. they were singing along to every song. they had the moves down. I swear they were treating the screening like it was a fathom concert event. I wouldn't be surprised if these girls purchased their tickets off StubHub and not Fandango. so if you loved the first one, you're not gonna care that they're pretty much giving you the same story. I actually would highly recommend you watching this with the group of Abba fans. because, brah. the moment dancing Queen came on, I swear I saw a wig fly through the theater. let me explain so if you don't know anything about the Mamma Mia cinematic universe, and you've missed all of the San Diego Hall H announcements, this series is pretty much based off of a couple of ABBA songs, primarily, obviously, Mamma Mia. in the late 90s, they took a bunch of their songs and they made it into a Broadway production that's actually known as the ninth longest-running show in history. and then in 2008, they adapted into a movie, which was the one I could afford to go see. and obviously it was so successful they got a sequel. movie takes place in Greece, where a man is Seyfried Creed, is this big wedding just because she wants to know who her dad is. and after finding her mom's diary, she invites the three possible guys who it could be. Meryl, been on that Amber Rose train since the 80s. problem is, Amanda didn't tell anyone about who she invited, so not only do hijinks ensue, but there is a bunch of dance cues that happen like a no, wait, this movie made more money than Ironman, but they clearly had no money for Lube during the production, because the way they slide into these musical numbers. by the end of the first Seyfried Creed doesn't even get married, but bond does propose to Streep, and they have their little ceremony. we don't even find out in the first movie who her real dad is, so she just gets adopted by all three of them and they call it a day. ten years later, and here we go again. it's been a year since Donna has passed away, which, yo, this caused the loudest gasp that I have seen in my theaters since, like a Twilight movie. sophie has inherited the hotel and fixes it up, cuz this place hasn't been renovated since Paul the apostle's stayed there. in the book of Acts, she wants to have this big RiRi opening, but since she can't read the weather, things go south. what's cool about this one is that we actually get to see the younger version of Donna. they're not just talking about her younger stories, but we actually see, you know, baby drivers girl, Cinderella playing her. we get to see when she meets Harry in London, who won this boy zippers have never met - considering it's been over a month since the they did it. I'm gonna declare right now, Harry, you are not. but then we also get to see her when she's younger and she needs bill, who I'm telling you most definitely is the father. I also think is the best out of the three. one, why wouldn't you want to marry a sweetie? and two, well, while I'm vacation, you know, they hope this do named Alexia find love. when I go on vacation, all I see is drug busts in Brooklyn. Sam, I'm telling you, maybe the coolest side of the three. sure, but I do drop the ball way too many times. like when Donna makes it into this rundown hotel where her chipper self almost splinters our butthole slidin down. you notice that she has a lot of positive she's practically the belle of this town, from, you know, the singing to literally our clothes. so this two-timing dude can't respect his bond to another woman. he leaves our girl looking like Gabriella Montez. obviously, Donna has her kid and realizes that that's all she needs. she runs this hotel like a boss. we fast-forward to Sophie learning that she too can have that same confidence that her mama had, but she also has her boyfriend and her three dads to help her, and Andi Garcia and Lady gaga senior. and I kid you not, the Dos Equis man who comes out of nowhere for a cameo by the end. Meryl Streep does appear once, like if it's a mini cameo by the end of the movie, where she appears out of nowhere like a force go singing a song to Sophie as they baptized her grandchild. and she stares right into the camera and gets nominated yet again, for an Oscar, even though she did. thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. like I said, Swagbucks, definitely check them out. you know, we tried getting sponsors that not only, you know, helped the channel out, but stuff that you guys can get for free. and I kid you not, you can literally go over there. there's AMC cards, Amazon cards, take your receipts, put them right there. you can just click the link down below. and I keep it real with you, you can go sign up outside of us, but signing up on the link down below really helps the channel. so if you like the channel, literally, you get money by helping us out. but I'm curious on your thoughts on Mamma Mia. the first one, I'm gonna tell you didn't fully age. but the second one, I'm you, I saw it with an Abba crowd like they adored it. so definitely see it with a group of people who can sing along with these songs. I mean, this is probably what it was like for the greatest showmen, lyrical event things that they were happening. but yo, they dug it in this movie. so I'm Kirsten on your thoughts. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a pair of Traveling Pants to Greece. 