welcome. my name is Sophia, and now I'm going to talk about Alice in Wonderland. in 1871, troubled by a strange, recurring dream and mourning the loss of her father, 19-year old Alice Kingsleigh attends a garden party at Lord ask Scott's estate. there she is confronted with an unwanted marriage proposal by Lord Ascott son, Hamish, and the stifling expectations of the society in which she lives. unsure of how to proceed, she pursues a rabbit, wearing a blue waistcoat and carrying a pocket watch, and accidentally falls into a large rabbit hole under a tree. she enters a small door by drinking from a bottle labeled drink me called pish salver, and emerges to a forest in a magical place called Wonderland, where she is greeted by a white rabbit, a dormouse, a dodo, talking flowers and identical twins named Tweedledee and Tweedledum, who all apparently know her. Alice suggests that it is all a dream, while the others argue over whether Alice's the right Alice who must play the Red Queen's Jabberwocky on frabjous day and restore the White Queen, who is the Red Queen's sister, to power, as foretold by the caterpillar in his oraculum, a scroll like calendar which tells Wonderland's history and future. the group is then ambushed by a ravenous beast called a Bandersnatch, in an army of playing cards called red knights, led by the knave of Hearts, the Red Queen's tall general and lover. Alice. and the Tweedles escaped into the woods. the knave steals the caterpillars oraculum the Dormouse, leaves the others behind with one of the Bandersnatch 'as ice in her possession. the Tweedles are then captured by the Red Queen's large Jubjub bird. the knave informs the Red Queen that Alice threatens her rain, which makes her order him the Red Knights and a bloodhound, who has a wife and children imprisoned, to find Alice immediately. meanwhile, Alice enters the tulgey woods where she is greeted by a grinning, vanishing Cheshire cat, who guides her to the Mad Hatter, the March Hare and the Dormouse his Tea Party. the Hatter explains to Alice that he joined the resistance because the Red Queen destroyed his entire village and killed his family when she first ruled Wonderland. he later helps Alice to avoid capture by allowing himself to be seized instead. later, Alice is found by the Bloodhound, but Alice insists upon helping the Hatter at Salle's and Brum castle, the Red Queen notices Alice when she ate duple kuchen, a cake labelled eat me, which makes the consumer grow, during a game of croquet with flamingos and hedgehogs. but as unaware of her true identity because Alice pretended to be called um, and therefore welcomes her as a guest. Alice learns that the vorpal sword, the only weapon capable of killing the Jabberwocky, is locked inside the den of the Bandersnatch. the knave attempts to seduce Alice, but she rebuffs him, causing the jealous Red Queen demanding for Alice to be the head--it. Alice obtains the sword and befriends the Bandersnatch by returning its eye. she then escapes on the back of the grateful Bandersnatch and delivers the sword to the White Queen. the White Queen gives Alice a potion that returns her normal size and rewards her with a suit of armor. when she battles the Jabberwocky, the Cheshire cat saves the Mad Hatter from the executioner by disguising himself as him in exchange for borrowing his beloved hat. the Hatter calls for rebellion against the Red Queen, which all her subjects the greeter by starting to shout out down with bloody big head. the rebellion is quickly put down when the Jubjub bird begins to kill every a loyal subject. but the resistance manages to free the bloodhounds family and flees to the White Queen's castle. both armies prepare for battle on frabjous day. the caterpillar finally gets Alice to remember that she has been to Wonderland when she was a little girl, and advises her to fight the Jabberwocky just before completing his transformation into a pupa. on frabjous day, the Queen's gather their armies on a chess board like Battlefield and send Alice and the Jabberwocky to the battle in single combat. encouraged by the advice of her late father, Alice fights the Jabberwocky among a demolished, spiraling tower surrounding the battlefield. during this fight, a catapult stone kills the Jubjub bird. Alice finally defeats the Jabberwocky by jumping from the top of the tower onto its neck and beheads it. frabjous day has finally ended, and the red knights turn against their ruler. as punishment for their crimes. the White Queen banishes her sister and the knave into exile together. the knave attempts to kill the Red Queen because he grew sick of her affections. yet the Mad Hatter protects the Red Queen from his attack. after the Hatter performs a celebration dance called Futterwacken, the White Queen gives Alice a vial of the jabberwockies purple blood, whose power will bring her whatever she wishes. she decides to rejoin the everyday world after saying farewell to her friends back in England. Alice refuses Hamish's proposal and impresses Lord Ascott with her idea of establishing oceanic trade routes to Hong Kong, inspiring him to take her as his apprentice. as Alice prepares to set off on a trading ship, a light blue butterfly with dark vein markings lands on her shoulder, and Alice recognises him as the caterpillar. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music], 