welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, d'Arthur nishan, a, ka death vader. aka, this is the last time you'll have to sit through this intro for a long time, a promise. the Mandalorian finale is finally here, and it's time to break down everything that you need to know about the ending of the season. throughout this video, we'll be discussing the new releases, overall plot, the big death, mind-blowing moments and its many, many Easter eggs. so sit back, strap yourself in and get ready, because we're going Lightspeed - a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to watch episode 8 yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of the Mandalorian. okay, so episode 8 picks up on the huge cliffhanger at the end of episode 7. the speeder bikes a baby Yoda and mondo, Korra and grief gaga are in a pretty impossible situation. where episode 8 differs slightly though, is that the introduction actually starts off with a dark sense of humor. we see the two speeder bike troopers reference that Imperial warlords like to kill their own men. and this is something that we've seen throughout Star Wars history, most namely Darth Vader, who had no problem offing his own troops. they practice shooting at some scrap and miss, which is a nice callback to the old Star Wars joke that stormtroopers can't aim. the troopers kind of bumbled back and forth, and it's a comedic moment, until they cross the line. in hate baby Oda, you don't hit baby Yoda. and here make sure that they pay for it. is IG 11, after the death of Nick Nolte last week. I'm just calling him that because every time I pronounce it queal or cool, I get in trouble in the comments. anyway, he's back to avenge his master. there were a lot of theories last time that I ji 11 had turned bad and cemented the Mandalorians prejudice against droids, showing that you can't really reprogram them. but the bot is back to prove him wrong. and we do know now that he did not kill his master. I did theorize this last week, as the concept dog did show the speeder bikes firing out. cool. I mean, Nick Nolte. so he assume that it is these two that killed him. IG 11 takes them out with no effort. and it's an awesome rescue scene that I loved watching. but this is no time to celebrate math. Gideon is still at the village with a squadron of storm troopers and death troopers that are ready to take the mando and coat down. death troopers were originally introduced in rogue one, and these elite soldiers are the best of the best of the best, sir. they primarily work as bodyguards for high-ranking Imperial officers and are also masters of stealth as well as hand-to-hand combat, which they demonstrate in this episode. death troopers are trained to be exceptional and they specialized in heavy weapons, demolition and guerrilla warfare. the Moff is also described as being an ex is be officer, which stands for Imperial Security Bureau. this class of soldier was sort of like an internal affairs for the Empire that watch the ins and outs of the day to day for dissenters. so, yeah, not the types of people that you want to trifle with. storm troopers begin setting up an e webb, heavy repeating blaster that I'm so glad they said, because I did not know the name. this raises the stakes massively. and the group try and escape the situation, aiming to get to the sewers. the sewer gray is very similar, looks wise, to the one on the Death Star that we saw in a new hope. but they must have reinforced them since then, because this one isn't opening with a couple of blaster bolts. unable to escape, the moth taunts the group, revealing their pasts and so on. this is the first time we hear the mandos name dropped in an episode. though Pedro Pascal did reveal and it was denying in an interview after the first episode. it's never been said on screen. and it shows that the moth is probably subscribed to this channel for the breakdowns, as you should too. thank you very much. you also divulges that chorus full name is Cora Cynthia Doon, and that she's from Alderaan, which was famously destroyed in a new hope by the Death Star. this adds a lot of motive for why she joined the rebellion and tattooed their symbol on her face. we learn that din jarring wasn't born on Mandalore. and then seymour is back story in which separatists ravaged his home. Gideon also talks about the night of a thousand tears, which is directly tighted endurance past. we finally get the entirety of the death of dins parents and how he was able to escape the super battle droid that discovered him hiding. we see separatist ships flying through the village. and during the Clone Wars, these were under the orders of Count Dooku. Dinn was saved by a character that looks extremely like Jango Fett, uniform wise, from not only is Arial, but also his backpack. however, there are several other troopers wearing the same thing. and of course, Jango is dead by the time that the clone was started. so, yeah, this definitely isn't him. according to Star Wars lore, the Jedi were fighting to free Mandalore during the Clone Wars. and during the siege, order 66 took place. though whether we will see this actually play out in the show is completely unclear right now. later in the episode, there is a reference to the Mandalorians, most notably their leader, Mandalore the great, who fought an army of sorcerers named the Jedi, then became so attached to Mandalorians because they saved him. he was raised in the fighting Corps and became the man that we know and love. Gideon would only know his true name if he had access to information seized during the purge. and this he's clearly been keeping tabs on. the character. gideon makes a massive impact, and the dialogue is awesome here, painting the character out. is one of the most intimidating villains that we've seen for a long time in Star Wars law. he gives them till nightfall to cooperate, though this doesn't go down too well with most of the group. Korra wants to shoot her way out, as she won't be subjected to a mine fire, which is a callback to Dungeons &amp; Dragons and also stranger things. it could also be a reference, at the bog ally, from rogue one and the mind flayer. it could be a slang term for it. they realized that baby Oda must be safe, or they'd be dead. and IG eleven rides towards the village of murdering many. wells. baby Oda giggles in a very adorable moment. yay, can kill more. during this ride, we also spotted shower and they are laced throughout the episode, acting as scavengers that take parts from the damaged items that appear. the action scene is incredible and probably the high point of the season, with mono and Co taking down storm troopers like Rambo in a Rambo movie. that's a terrible punchline. there's even a moment that reminded me of the 50 Cal from those films. and yet, brilliant, brilliant scene. unfortunately, though, they're a bit difficult to hold off, and the death troopers storm Korra, and Gideon gets a huge shot on mondo that reminded me of when you shoot an exploding barrel in video games. nice work, Gideon. Gideon also commands a flame trooper to burn their mouths, and the group retreat. able to make it to the sewers with the help of IG 11. mando is badly wounded though, and refusing to take his he decides to stay behind. and buy them some time. this is the way. it's a massively tense scene. and watching the flame troopers slowly walk towards them, it's completely nail-biting. luckily, baby otter is on deck, and using his force powers, he kills the trooper, though this takes a lot out of him. so yeah, no force healing this time. this ain't the rise of Skywalker Korra. grief and baby Oh to leave. and I g11 watches over him and removes his helmet, Healing him so that he can recover. it's the first time that we've actually seen petrol pascal in the show, and it's a real high point. now I'm glad they held off until now, as he's not a living thing. IG 11 can technically see his face, and this is able to save him. and it doesn't take long before mando is leading the way back to his guild. he discovers a pile of Mandalorian helmets though, which are obviously the result of the Mandalorians being made almost extinct, which has been dropped in a lot of episodes throughout the season. the Amuro reveals that after their uprising, they were pretty much all but wiped out. some have made off world, but she's remained behind in order to salvage their armor. she discusses the Jedi and how baby Yoda seems to be able to wield the power of them. she also tells mano to reunite baby order with its own kind in order for it to be trained. neither character knows of the creatures homeworld, and this is in keeping with Star Wars law in which we've never actually learned the true name of the species or where they come from. this saw upsets up season two, in which they'll likely go looking for a place for the child they're attached meant in some ways, mirrors held in. was found and then taken under the wing of the Mandalorians. the rescue has clearly had an influence on him, and this is why he decided to do the same for baby Yoda, as he probably saw a lot of himself in the character, as rules go, baby owner is a foundling, a man doe is now his father. maybe we should start calling this Star Wars a solo dad story. I'd love that. anyway, he's given a jet pack made a clan of two and told to get ready for the battle ahead. it really gets you invested in the finale of the episode, and I loved watching the crew prepping for the storm that was coming. they discover a bodge operated by an r2 unit that seen better days, and begin making their way up the stream to the lava pit. the r2 has been modified with arms and legs, and it sails them towards the lava flats. and fortunately, a stormtrooper, ambush, is waiting for them, and there's no way to stop the incoming storm trooper. the terrible, terrible joke. IG 11 decides to sacrifice himself, and it feels like the most impactful droid death that we've ever seen in Star Wars. cover. it's worked out all of the odds and knows that this is the only way I g11 has a safety protocol in place that dictates that he cannot be captured, and will self-destruct if ever it looks like he's gonna be compromised. this happens here. an ID 11 wipes out the squadron, but Gideon arrives in his tie making phone almost North by Northwest, kind of standoff. maybe that, maybe that's a reach, but nevermind. baby odor, unable to do the magic hand thing, forces mando to jetpack up and take the ship on head-to-head. it really feels like pure fanservice. and what a way to end the season, making for one of the most memorable standoffs that we've seen in Star Wars for years. mando straps a detonator to the hull, and this sends it crashing to the ground. Gideon is finally defeated, and mando has saved the day. mando can expect to pay rise. Korra decides to say, uh, Navaro. and we look forward to a brighter future with the Empire cleared out from the planet. grief office mando, a future in which he can come back to the guild with open arms and pick up any job that he wants to. but mando decides that being a father is more important, and he goes off into the galaxy with his clan of to nick nolte is buried a hero, and baby yoda begins chewing the Mandalorian necklace. mando gives it to the lad and everything looks chirpy as they leave the planet, heading off into parts unknown, giving us a happy ending, or so we think. we cut him off. Gideon's tie, and seemed cutting his way out of the craft with a black lightsaber. whilst on the surface, this looks like a cool little moment, there's actually a lot of subtext to it, as this is the dark saber, which is a ceremonial weapon that the leader of the Mandalorian planet used to carry. the dark saber was built by the first ever Mandalorian to be inducted into the Jedi Order, and since then, it's been passed down from generation to generation. and the fact that Gideon is carrying it shows that he was instrumental in the fall of the Mandalorians. Gideon will likely have his sights set on the pair now after his crushing defeat. and it's unlikely that they will have a he out there in the cold reaches of space with the character constantly on their back. personally, I think that they will set out to find baby out his home planet. and this will finally be set in stone in the Star Wars law. we will also likely get baby Yoda developing its training. and who knows, next season, you may even be on his way to his teenage years, a Jedi and Mandalorian combo on to be trifled with. but Gideon, even more so, now has his sights set on the character. so it's very unlikely that they'll have an easy ride. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the Mandalorian Episode eight, as well as what your theories for the future are. make sure you leave them in the comment section below. and if you enjoy this video, then please force push that like button. make sure you check out our full breakdown about thoughts on Star Wars the rise of Skywalker, which would be linked at the end. we go over all of the pot holds, things that we liked and things that we didn't. so yeah, definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of Joker, which is one of our favorite movies of the last year. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning is like the video, like she subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the mandalorian in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of January in the cell be shipped out from the into ever gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 