the story of the movie begins beth visited hong kong in mata of her business. as she was coming to the house in the middle, she goes to chicago, taking a break. afterwards, she comes back to home. coming home, she meets her younger brother and husband. six years old, clarke was the son of his ex-husband. one day, suddenly, beth is fallen ill. next day, she suffers fits and which brings her to the hospital where she is passed away. doctor cannot diagnose her disease. people are begun to fall ill throughout the world. coming home, mitch knows that clarke is also dead. he calls 9-1-1, who keeps mitch in quarantine. all people of the world begin to lose their lives. gradually, news reveals a new disease before us. we see the uscdc department doctors who talk about this disease. dr erin has to visit a city, aiming to stop this infection. she reaches this city within a few hours and meets mitch. she asks reason of beth's visit to hong kong. she also asks mitch why did she stay in chicago. mitch comes to know here that beth may have visited to meet her old friend, and she was deceiving her mitch's blood is tested, but no infection is diagnosed because he had a strongest immune system. now mitch is sent back to the house. mitch's second wife was beth, while he had 16 years old daughter named jory from his first wife. she comes to meet her father in the same hospital. mitch is worried that she may get an infection because of her sudden visit in this city. so he moves to a house, taking his daughter. suddenly, this virus has prevailed in u.s, facing the harmful consequences of it. homeland security people visit to meet elise. they take this disease as a bio weapon which has been released willingly in order to target the developed countries. and any international terrorist organization is involved in it. on the other side, dr erin travels to hong kong so that she may know the visit place of bet and how this virus has spread through her. in research, it is proved that this virus is made of pig and bats genetic material. and the people are studying on virus to make a vaccine, but no work is being done on it, because every cell is perished. in which it is added, 8 million people were yet infected through this virus. one person among 12 had the danger of being infected. the chance of their survival was only 25 percent to 30 percent. government takes a decision to stop the infections growth. infected cities are placed under the quarantine thoroughly. it means no one can step out from this city. on the 21st day, elisa receives a mail in cdc that mifvirus origin is africa, and it is more deadly than hiv virus. their research is in process, and they were making the different samples of vaccines, and they were applying it on apps. but don't get success. no human being was seen in airports, schools, colleges, offices, but isolated in their houses, feeling fear. finally, cdc lab doctors get success. on the 29th day. there was still no test on human beings. this was the long process, including the permission and agreement of the infected people. so dr elise thinks of a risky process in which she can also lose her life. firstly, she injects this vaccine sample to herself. she visits her infected father and talks to her with unmasked face for a long time. dr elise is not infected, even within two or three days. it means her experiment on herself was successful. here it is declared to the who and other organizations that we have got the vaccine successfully. and this news is revealed on the international level. vaccine production takes a lot of time because of the number of people due to this case, us. government finds out a lottery system. whose birth date has appeared in it. he will be the one to get a vaccine, and the next lottery will appear after three months. people are vaccinated. as such, moderate play, and they come on the normal routine, going to their jobs. in the end, how did the virus prevail? a bulldozer raises a tree in hong kong, by mistake, disturbing some bats in it. then the bats move to the banana tree, and sitting there, they bite some bananas. now the bats move to the pig farm, and one of them falls a banana, and the pig eats it. now, pig is brought to the casino the next day. and while cleaning a pig, a man cleans his hand with his apron and handshake beth now in this way, the virus of bat and pig is spread throughout the world. what do you think about coronavirus? reality and falsehood must inform in comment section. subscribe to movies inspired for more videos and click the bell icon to encourage us, like and share the video. let us know what you think by commenting. 