victor is a cold-blooded, notorious assassin. he never failed to finish his target. but for a beautiful girl like rose, it is very different. what was so strange about this mission? after all, victor maynard was born into a family of assassins. he is one of the world's best assassins. victor never made a mistake. he always works alone and organizes things perfectly. he never felt sympathetic towards his target. he was a lone wolf, and he loved it being that way. that day, victor discovered that the target had gone into a clothing store. he followed the target inside, and then he realized that someone was changing clothes in the dressing room. victor thought the person inside was rose, his target. so he took a shot with a silencer. when he heard the falling sound inside, he was pleased to leave. but at this moment, he soros come out from the other end. then, who was the one in the dressing room? apparently, the world's greatest killer killed the wrong person. it turned out that rose was a thief. and lately, she seduced the artist who works in the museum. he helped her to create a fake version of a famous painting. then sell this painting for 2.5 million pounds to the gangster boss, ferguson. ferguson was fascinated by the painting. unexpectedly, he made the paint stick to his face. ferguson now realized that the painting was not real. ferguson was furious, so he hired victor to end rose's life no matter what. for the first time he had failed the mission. vitor decided to get serious. he chased rose to the hotel. victor knew his chance had come. he went out onto the balcony opposite to rose's room and started to set up the gun. but when he was about to pull the trigger, there was a man hugging rose. and then they both rolled onto the bed. the room went dark. victor waited until they woke up. it was the next morning. now he picked up the gun and aimed it directly at rose's head, but he never pulled the trigger. the longer he looked, the more he liked her. the cold-blooded victor fell in love with rose. but when his mother found out about that, she scolded him. the family's honor is lost in his hands. to regain the client's trust, victor was once again sent out to kill rose. he goes to the garage, but as soon as he picks up his gun, he discovers another killer is also trying to kill rose. ferguson also hired another assassin. victor couldn't help but shot the other assassin right away. then he kicked the gun in his hand and said, this man wants to kill you. and then he took rose away. victor quickly realized something was wrong. he was meant to kill rose. so while rose wasn't looking, he was about to finish her off. but suddenly, there was an arm sticking out from the chair at the back of the car and stole his gun. this mike guy was a gang member with the assassin he shot before. in order to avenge his accomplices, he wanted to kill victor and rose. did you really think that the main characters would die like that? of course not. tony showed up and shot mike. victor saw tony's natural talent. from then on, he considered him as his successor. at this point, rose woke up. she knew that this time she was in danger. she knew victor fight like a badass. so she pulled out 30 000 pounds to hire him as her bodyguard. seeing that he could have both money and love, victor agreed. the assassin quickly found them. the three people became comrades from who [Music] knows. so after entering the room, rose left tony's shoes outside. these shoes belonged to the dead assassin. no one expected mike to come here looking for ferguson, and he recognized the shoes. when tony was showering in the bathroom, he was pinned down by mike and drowned in the bath halfway to hell, tony stole the gun from mike and shot his ear. just like that, the three people continued to escape. victor took them home. when it was late, he came out of the room. suddenly the lights on his house went out. he immediately pulled out his gun and thought that someone sneaked into his house. but unexpectedly, tony and rose were holding the cake in front of him. it turned out that today was victor's birthday. then they had a good party together. victor knew that this was the life he wanted. but unexpectedly, rose found a notebook in his room, which has the records for all of his missions. and inside, there was a photo of her. at this point, rose knew victor was an assassin and his target was her. after learning about everything, she took her luggage and escaped from his house. but she did not foresee that as soon as she got out of this place, she was caught by another assassin. it turns out that ferguson knew that victor was not obedient to him, so he hired another man to kill the three of them. then he used rose as bait to get the three of them together together. he was about to kill the three of them, but when he was about to pull the trigger, victor told him to stop because it was his gun. the assassin was still happy to say goodbye to him. but surprisingly, after pulling the trigger, he shot himself. what the heck? it turns out that victor's gun shot backwards, and the three of them lived happily ever after. that's the end of the story. goodbye. 