[Music], DC. Titans just concluded its first season with a hell of an ending. the show treated viewers to an amazing finale as well as an extra scene after the credits that introduced a familiar location and two big characters into the universe. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the episode as well as its post-credit scene. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers. so if you don't want to have the show's ending rune for you, and I highly suggest that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. the finale of titans follows Dick Grayson as he attempts to track down and stop a Batman that has went completely off the rails and began killing his rogues gallery. this is because the Joker murdered Commissioner Gordon, and now it seems that Dick Grayson is the only one who can stop the Dark Knight from doing more damage. Grayson is recruited by Jason Todd and heads off into Gotham, which is turned into a hellhole by the episodes end. we in fact, learn that this had all been a hallucination orchestrated by Trigon. throughout the dream, Trigon presents Grayson with several opportunities to return to his happy and blissful life, or to delve further into Gotham's underworld, which is, of course, what he does. as Batman goes fully off the deep end, murdering his rogues gallery, entirely destroying all good that was left within him. dick kills him in order to stop him from going any further. throughout the series, dick had constantly battled with his good and bad side, and his final plunge into darkness is beautifully orchestrated by Trigon in an attempt to send the character fully off the deep end, much in the same way that Batman went. in the final scene, Trigon explains that this has been his end goal the entire time. and with dick now fully aware of what he is capable of should he lose self-control, we are left with a cliffhanger, that the hero may have lived long enough to see himself become the villain. we are then treated to a post-credits scene starts off with a bang by introducing the city of Metropolis into the show. from here, we are taken to a lab that sees doctors completely ripped apart, and witnesses seemingly naked man. as he walks along, we get a glimpse of a Superman logo is tattooed on his shoulder, confirming that this is, in fact, Superboy. but the big reveals don't stop there. and Superboy then tears the hinges off a dog cage, which is revealed to have Krypto behind it. fans of the DC Universe will instantly recognize the dog, and it's clear that going forward, he will be a companion of Superboy. where they take the character next is unknown. as in the comics, he pretty much didn't kill or do anything to harm people, whereas this is clearly taking a firm stance that he may be a villain. how it plays out remains to be seen, but he's definitely going to be a tough adversary, especially with Krypto in hand. against the Titans, it was a massive reveal that I couldn't believe, and I can't wait to see what the show has in future for fans. so what are your thoughts on the Titans finale and the series as a whole comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this week's other big DC release, Aquaman, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] 