welcome back to horror recaps. today i will be showing you a horror slash thriller film from 2017 titled 1922. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. it is the year 1930. a man named wilfred james walks through the streets of omaha. he then checks into a tiny hotel room. he looks around and analyzes the room. then he sits down to write a confession to a crime he committed eight years ago in 1922. wolfe lived with his wife, arlette christina winters james, and his son, henry freeman james. his wife had 100 acres of land in hemingford, home, nebraska to her name. wolfe blames that piece of land as the culprit that led to his crime. wolff writes that in 1922, a man's pride was his land and his son. there was nothing to their life except for these two. everything in wolf's life was going well. but there was just one issue. his wife did not like the farming life. she had always wanted to get away from it. and the 100 acres of her father's land finally gave her the opportunity. arlet wants to sell the land and move to omaha, where she intends to start a boutique. wolf would do anything to stop that from happening. wolf is distressed. in frustration, he offers to buy the land from her. but wolf doesn't have even a fraction of the money to buy it. so she offers to divorce him if they sell both of their lands and split the money. he asks our let to give him some time to think it over. wolff also thinks of going to law but he has come to hate our let so much that he doesn't want to go that easy on her. one day, wolf tells her that he won't let her sell the land without a fight. the same day, he finds henry and his girlfriend, shannon cottery, together in the basement. shannon is their next door neighbor. wolf knows that our led is not fond of henry and shannon's relationship. he uses that to his advantage. whiff starts to convince henry that his mother is a villain who wants to take him away from his father and shannon. one day, will fagley tells henry that he plans to kill our let. slowly but steadily, he tries to convince henry to help him murder his own mother. wolf's words start to get into henry's head. he starts to get distant from his mother. that night, during dinner, henry lashes out at our left. he wants her to go so they can be a family again. arlett slaps him. she declares that her decision to take henry to omaha is permanent and that no one can stop her. after that night, wolf finally convinces henry to be on his side. a few days later, wolf makes arlett believe that he is ready to go to omaha with her. he tells her that henry had convinced him. our lead is the happiest she has been in a long time. she kisses wealth after ages. that night, wolff gets her drunk. while she is drunk, our let tells henry how he should have sex with shannon. henry doesn't like her talking about shannon in such a degrading way. this agitates him ever more. arlet passes out after drinking too much. wolf puts her to bed. both the father and the son know what they have to do. now. henry still wishes that there was another way to solve this, but wilfred convinces him that the only way for him and shannon to be together is to kill our lad the two slowly enter the room. henry has a sack, while wealth has a butcher's knife. henry is saddened by what they are about to do. he wishes his mom goodbye before suffocating her with a sack. our let tries to resist it, but wilfred stabs her to death. her blood splatters everywhere. this was wolf's biggest crime in life. not only had he killed his wife, but made a son kill his mother. all in 1922. after killing her, wilf and henry rapper lets body in the bloodied bed sheet and bring her outside to throw her in a dried well. henry passes out midway. wolf alone drags her and throws it into the well. they then go in to clean the blood that had splattered everywhere. the following morning, wolf packs up the bloodied mattress and some of our let's belongings to make it seem like she left on her own. he then throws them in the wall too. when he opens the well's cover, he sees our lit's body infested by rats. one is inside her mouth. the disturbing sight makes wolf nervous. he throws the luggage at the rats in the hope of getting them away from her body. but it does nothing. wolf hides her disappearance by telling people that she wasn't happy with him, so she left for omaha. no one suspects him. however, the farmington company knew she wanted to sell her land, so they sent a lawyer to the house to look for our let. wolfe tells him the same story. the lawyer leaves, but wolff knows he is not going to give up that easily. will thinks of a plan to fill the well so if someone comes for inspection, they do not find our let's body. the next day, he brings out a cow and makes it fall into the well. with an excuse of burying the cow, he and henry fill the mice infested well with mud. as the two of them rest after filling it, the town sheriff arrives at their house. the lawyer had sent him. he searches the house for our let. when he is about to leave, wolff confidently invites him to have a look at the well, but the sheriff dismisses it. wolf narrates that the summer of 1922 was the best for the crops to grow. he thinks that it is satan rewarding him for his evil deeds. however, henry is severely affected by our let's death. shannon is worried about henry's change in behavior. wolfe assures her that it is not the case. suddenly, the cows start making a lot of noise. wolf goes to check and finds the cow shed infested by rats, like our let's corpse was. he notices the rats coming out of a pipe, the pipe that leads to the well. the site is so disgusting that wilford vomits. he shoves a cloth into the pipe to block the rats coming out of it. when he comes back to the house, he sees our let's shadow behind him. when it comes near him, wolfe realizes that it is actually henry. the next day, he shields the pipe entirely. the following day, henry informs wealth that shannon is pregnant with his child. henry wants to marry her to keep her from being humiliated. however, wilfred refuses to let him get married, saying that he is too young. just then, shannon's father, harlan cottery, arrives. he wants to send shannon to a catholic home in omaha until she gives birth, when she will give the child up for adoption. shannon's stay will cost him 300 he knows, given wolf has financial problems, so he won't be able to pay half of the money. but harlan, he asks him to pay at least 75 dollars. wolf agrees. however, henry doesn't want to send shannon off. he suggests to wealth that he and shannon can run away. but wolfe is against the idea. henry lashes off him, saying that he cannot tell him what to do. he then blames will for his mother's death. the following day, wolf goes through our lead stuff to search for money she must have saved. to his luck, he finds twenty dollars in her hat. now he only needs thirty five dollars to pay for shannon stay. he decides to take a loan of thirty five dollars. he drives to the bank in his truck and stays there for a while. but when he comes out with his money, his truck is gone. in its place, he finds a note that says henry has left to look for shannon and has taken the truck. henry also writes that if wolf tries to come looking for them or tells the sheriff, he will expose the truth about our let's disappearance. without any way out of this, wolf goes back to his home. he reads a book alone that night. but our let's death is constantly on his mind. a drop of blood suddenly drops on his book. when he looks up, he sees the leaking ceiling. it was just a drop of water. the following day, the town sheriff informs wilford of a robbery in a town. the robbers features matched henry's. however, wolff refuses to believe the sheriff. the leaking ceiling troubles wealth a lot, so he decides to take out a mortgage of 750. the next day, he returns home with the money and tries to place it on his cupboard. then all of a sudden, a rat bites his palm, wounding it severely. he steps on the rat repeatedly, leaving it squashed and bloodied on the floor. it snows heavily. the following day, wolf's wound is infected and is getting worse. he somehow walks to his truck in heavy snow, but he cannot start it because of his injured palm. he comes back to the house. the door starts banging continuously. he checks it and sees our left standing outside the house. terrified. wolfe runs inside the house, but our let still follows him. wolf then runs down to the basement, but trips and falls midway. then he sees our let's infected body come through the door. many rats surround him. arlette stands right in front of him. at the present time, wolfe writes that her ghost whispered secrets to him that only a dead woman could know. arlet whispers to him that henry has become a robber. he managed to sneak shannon out of the catholic home. he and his pregnant girlfriend have become a criminal duo called the sweetheart bandits. they go from town to town, killing and robbing people. hearing how his dearest son's faith had turned out, wolf begs arlet to stop and just kill him, but she wants to make him suffer more. she tells him that shannon and her child died of a gunshot while running away as henry tried to save her. she tells him about henry's utter sorrow when he couldn't save his love and his child. she finishes by telling him how henry killed himself beside shannon's dead body. then she blames him for how their life turned out. in despair, wolf listens to her whisper of his son's death, who he cherished the most. a few days later, the snow has lessened, will finally goes to a doctor to get his wound checked. the infection has grown so much that his arm has to be amputated. after the surgery, he sits there in despair. just then the sheriff arrives and tells him that they had found the dead body of a woman in a ditch, who is expected to be our let. wolf goes along with the story. after a few days, a train brings henry's corpse to the town. at the station, wolf is surrounded by reporters who ask him about henry's death. when wolf gets a look at henry's corpse, he is in shock. his face had been eaten by hundreds of rats before they found his body. wolf kisses henry's corpse on the head and orders him the finest coffin at the present time. wolff writes that no father should have to kiss his son for the last time. but if there is anyone who deserves it, it is him. during winter, there is no work on the farm. and in addition to that, wolfe is alone at home, drowning in sorrow. he finds it difficult to keep himself sane. with nothing left in his life, wolf tries to sell the 100 acres of land to shannon's father, but he tells wolf to never come back to his property again. will then sells it to a livestock company at a very low price, ironically, then moves to omaha, the place he dreaded so much that he killed his wife for wanting to move there. he gets a job of hauling pallets there. by the time he completes writing his confession, his hotel room is completely filled with rats. the rats have been tormenting him ever since our let's death. the corpses of our let, henry and sharon, stand in front of him. henry holds the butcher knife wealth had used to kill our let. the movie ends as wilfred narrates, in the end, we all get caught. make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. you 