welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the darjeeling limited. a businessman in india fails to catch his train, called the darjeeling limited. as it pulls out of a station, he is beaten to hit by a younger man, peter whitman. peter reunites with brothers francis and jack on board, the three having not seen each other since their father's funeral a year earlier. francis has recently survived a near-fatal motorcycle accident, leaving his face and head covered in bandages, and thus wishes to reconcile with his brothers on a journey of spiritual self-discovery. he is also covertly searching for their mother, whom the brothers have not seen in many years. with the help of his assistant, brendan, francis draws up a strict itinerary for the trip and confiscates his brother's passports to prevent them from getting off the train too early. the three also continue to grieve over their father's death. carrying bags and suitcases marked with his initials, along with other personal items that belong to him, the train takes the brothers through the countryside into various hindu temples. though, tension builds as jack and peter become infuriated with francis's manipulative behavior. francis eventually reveals that they will be meeting with their mother, who has become a nun living at a christian convent in the himalayas. peter and jack are angry, knowing they wouldn't have come if they had been told this earlier. the atmosphere finally comes to a head, and the three have a physical altercation on the train, distressing the other passengers. the chief steward, whom the brothers have repeatedly wronged, has them thrown off with all their luggage. brendan subsequently quits and returns to the train after giving the boys a letter from their mother, its contents imply that she doesn't want to see them. the brothers thus decide to leave india, go their separate ways and never return. after hiking through the wilderness, the brothers see three young boys fall into a river while attempting to pull a raft across it. jack and francis rescue two of the boys, but peter fails to save the third, who dies. they carry the body back to the boys village, where they spend the night and are treated kindly. they attend the funeral the next day and experience a repressed flashback. the three brothers, accompanied by alice, peter's wife, are shown heading to their father's funeral and then stopping to pick up his porsche from the repair shop, even though the car is not ready. it is revealed that their father's death was a result of him being hit by a taxi, and that their mother did not attend the funeral. back in the present, the brothers arrive at the airport, but they suddenly decide to rip up their tickets and go visit their mother. they reach the convent where their mother is surprised, but overjoyed to see them, and francis coyly admits that his accident was actually a suicide attempt. that night, after the brothers confront their mother for abandoning them, the family gathers together in silence and reconnect in love. the brothers awake the next morning to find their mother gone, leaving them their breakfast. they decide not to wait for her to return. at the train station, the three brothers run for another train called bengal lancer, and gleefully discard all their father's suitcases and bags to catch it on board. francis offers to return peter and jack their passports, but is told instead to hold on to them. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 