hey people. john here from fast films, and today we're going through a 2007 horror movie called hatchet 4 victor crowley. the movie starts with a couple sitting in a fishing boat in the swamp at night. sue leans against dell as the radio plays in the background. dell reminds sue of the song fell to pieces, and tells her how the singer died in a plane crash last month, implying that the singer fell to pieces. sue calls him a germ for bringing that up randomly, and says that he is her germ. dell starts acting nervous, and sue realizes that he is proposing to her. she starts crying and tells him to go on. dell gives her a napkin, and she ends up making a mess of mucus and lipstick on her face. she accepts his proposal. after putting the ring on, she kisses him with her slimy face and sits back down to look at her ring. meanwhile, dell hears a noise in the distance. he tells her to be quiet so can hear it. both of them hear a moan. dell thinks someone is hurt. and needs their help. they get off the boat onshore and head out to help. sue asks dell if this is the place where a kid called victor crowley died. he tells her not to worry, since he is dead anyway. she begs him to leave, but he is insistent on looking for the injured man. they hear something behind a bush. dell looks behind it to find a man pointing a gun at them. he lowers it when he sees the couple and asks them what they are doing there. he is about to tell them something when victor shows up behind him and beheads him with a hatchet. the couple screams and tries to run. dell tells sue to get to the boat as soon as possible, but victor catches up to him and hits him in the face with his hatchet, causing his eye to pop out. sue tries to escape, but is no match for victor. he pushes her from the back, causing her to fall on her stomach. then he proceeds to chop all her limbs off and eventually her head. he picks up the head and howls. the next scene is an opening to a talk show called the sabrina show. the host, sabrina introduces andrew young, who is the sole survivor of the bayou massacre. she introduces his book that releases that day, called i survivor. after the introduction, she welcomes him to the show. she asks him questions about the incident. she inquiries why his dna was found on two of the murder victims. he doesn't have a clear answer to her question. she then proceeds to ask multiple questions, including murder allegations against him. in his court trial, he tells everyone that he was relieved of all charges. she then proceeds to ask about his book. andrew explains to everyone that it was the hardest thing he ever did. sabrina uses a sarcastic tone with him, implying that she doesn't believe his story. she refuses to believe in victor crowley. andrew tries to explain, but she takes a commercial break. at a hotel, chloe and alex are watching the show. chloe tells alex that she finds andrew very attractive. alex feels offended and jealous because he has her boyfriend. he makes fun of andrew. chloe says that andrew is her free pass, and now that she is making a movie, she might meet him. while they are arguing, rose walks out of the bathroom in a towel. she complains about the water being cold. she asks why she can't get a separate room and complains about hearing them make love at night. she takes her towel off. chloe looks away and tells her that they don't have the budget for it. she complains about rose being naked all the time. as she gets dressed. rose says that she has to stop by somewhere to get more supplies. chloe complains that they need to hurry so she won't miss andrew's book signing. as they are about to head out, chloe notices alex's shirt. it is inspired by ben, one of the first victims of victor crowley. she tells alex in frustration that he messed up the design. back outside the tv station, andrew is annoyed with his manager kathleen, for getting him an interview with his ex-wife. she replies that her network was paying the most. she reassures him that he did great, but he knows he didn't. she tells him not to care about what anyone thinks, saying the book doesn't need to be good, which offends andrew. he asks her if she read it. she says it's on her reading list. as a man walks past him, calling him a murderer, andrew shouts back at him that he was exonerated. kathleen tells him that people believe the obvious, and he seems guilty. she tells him to think about the money they can make off of this on the incident's 10th anniversary. and mistakes him for being japanese. as they get in a car, chloe rose and wait in line for the book signing at the bookstore. chloe is nervous and asks if jeans make her look unprofessional. the other two tell her that she looks fine. after a couple of minutes, andrew shows up with his manager. they walk up to the desk where they find the poster and desk vandalized. kathleen covers it up with sticky notes. as he proceeds to sign books. after a few people, a girl named christina approaches andrew and lifts her shirt up. she asks him to sign her breasts for her and her dad. chloe plans to cast andrew in her film, but fears that a lot of people have already asked him. she tells her friends that getting the real andrew young to be in their movie would look promising to the investors. she asks rose for her folder, but finds it in her own hands. at the desk, andrew is being harassed by the victim's brother. his wife takes him away as she threatens andrew. another man shows up. he unzips his pants and asks andrew to sign his penis, but he refuses. he calls him a homophobe. as kathleen gets rid of him. when it's chloe's turn, she starts to tell him about her movie. in the mock trailer, she is about to ask andrew to be in it. at that moment, kathleen ends the book signing, saying that it is an emergency. she takes him outside. as he apologizes to chloe, kathleen tells andrew about a great network tv opportunity. he has to go to the murder site for an interview. andrew refuses without hesitation, but agrees when she tells him that the network will pay a million dollars. in the next scene, they are sitting in a private jet with four other people. andrew feels sick. kathleen asks if he needs any medication. he refuses. the pilots tell them they'll be landing a couple of miles away from the site. back in his seat, andrew asks who's interviewing him. kathleen says she doesn't know. but sabrina walks into the plane, and he realizes she'll be doing the interview. casey, austin, jay and jack are sitting in the front casey and austin act flirty, as jay points out that it's obvious both of them are together. the pilot announces over the intercom that they are ready for the flight. in the next scene, chloe offers a tour guide called dillion a role in her movie in exchange for a free swamp tour. meanwhile, alex cringes at the victor crowley souvenir stands and roe shows him the doll she got. dillian agrees to take the three of them to the swamp. back in the jet, the group experiences turbulence. andrew asks kathleen why they need to fly to the swamp if they'll have to take a boat anyway. he turns around to find her sound asleep. sabrina and andrew get in a coral and she asks austin to mike andrew up. sabrina asks casey about filming stuff, as casey complains under her breath. jay and casey joke around with jake. back on the ground, the tour guide prepares for the tour. he tells chloe that they haven't been doing a lot of tours lately. alex tells chloe that victor isn't relevant anymore, but dillian tells them that a lot of movies are being made on victor crowley, assuring chloe that hers will be the best one on the plane. austin makes small talk with andrew while setting up his mic and asks if he saw victor crowley for real. he does a voice check and asks jay to go to andrew. back outside the swamp, rose asks chloe how to pronounce the curse on victor crowley. dillian suggests they look it up on youtube. rose finds a video for it. alex asks if it's important, and chloe gets angry at him for not understanding the importance of the spell. dillian asks alex to just go with it in the aircraft. jay does andrew's makeup as he asks him about the massacre. they experience turbulence again. as jay tells him not to worry, a part of the plane breaks off and sends him flying to the back. the plane starts to break and jake flies out the window. the other group is standing outside the swamp when jake's dead body falls out of the sky. it's completely burnt. chloe can't believe what happened. while they are freaking out, they hear the plane crash. dillian and rose rush to help any survivors, while alex stays back to help chloe. the plane crashes into the swamp and everyone is injured. andrew wakes kathleen up, who is still asleep due to the medication. rose appears in the window, which freaks them out. rose and dillian arrive on the scene to help. dillian makes everyone leave the plane. andrew tries to get jay, but he is dead. dillian moves andrew away and tries to help casey, who is stuck under a seat. he heads off to get his tools, but the water is getting higher. austin tells her she'll be fine, as she breaks the news that she is pregnant. outside the swamp. chloe is freaking out, and andrew decides they should go after them. as the phone keeps playing the curse on the ground, the plane survivors get out. they hear a sound, and andrew makes them go back inside. dillian starts yelling for help, but andrew shuts him up with his knife and takes him inside as well. on the other side, chole and alex are still looking for them. they stumble across victor crowley's house. chole tells him it's a tourist attraction. as she turns on the motion sensor light outside the barn, they hear a cry from a distance and run inside. the group in the plane hears it too and freaks out. andrew tells them victor is dangerous. as they try to make sense of their situation. meanwhile, in the barn, chloe is terrified as alex tries to calm her down. alex tells her that the lights are on a timer. as victor rushes inside, he jumps on alex and hits him in the face with his hatchet and beheads him. chloe screams and runs away as he picks up an axe to go after her. inside the plane casey freaks out and wants to leave, but andrew stops them, even though they treat him like a crazy person. he asks if anyone has a cell phone. while dillian tries to break a window to get reception, kathleen has a panic attack and looks for her medication. suddenly, chloe shows up at the back window crying for help. rose points her to the door. she walks towards it, while everyone sees victor following her. she suddenly disappears, and andrew asks where she went. they start staring out the window. victor smashes chloe against it and drags her a bit further to drop her as the water level keeps rising. andrew yells that he told them all about victor. casey freaks out, since she is still stuck. she tells everyone she is pregnant. all of them ask andrew to help them, since he defeated victor in his book, but he tells them a ghostwriter wrote it and he barely escaped victor in his first encounter. andrew and sabrina get in a fight. she takes her wig off in frustration. andrew decides that any two of them need to run to the boat to get the tools to save casey. austin says he wants to go, but they stop him. meanwhile, rose realizes that chloe is still alive out there. rose goes to open the door, but andrew stops her. dillian says he'll go instead. he asks rose for a kiss in return, and she does it immediately, asking him to save her friend. rose feels something under her foot and finds a water snake. everyone starts freaking out, and kathleen runs out. victor is standing on the plane on top of the door. when austin peeks out. victor slices the back of his head off. it flies into andrew's hand and he throws it away outside. victor gets a hold of kathleen, and everyone watches as he pulls her arm out and kills her. inside. dillian takes the sliced skull off casey's face. rose peeks outside from the window to see victor smash chloe's face with his foot. he charges at the plane and jumps on it, causing the water level to rise inside, drowning casey. everyone sits back in horror as andrew regrets coming there for a million dollars. sabrina tells him that he was never getting a million dollars in the first place, and continues to insult him. rose tells her that she is a pretentious failure and that her only achievement is being born pretty. this shuts sabrina up. as andrew agrees and thanks her, she tells him to shut up as well. she says he is a bad person too. she announces that everyone there is a bad person. all of them notice that it's been so quiet. they wonder why victor came back after so many years. rose realizes that she and her friends brought him back by playing the curse on youtube in the swamp. sabrina calls it ridiculous. rose asks if they have a better idea. sabrina suggests they wait the night out inside the plane and walk out in the morning. as they are discussing their plans, victor throws kathleen's body against a broken window. rose goes over to her to find her phone. kathleen's phone rings in her hand, but no one can reach it. rose tries, and sabrina is disgusted at the site. sabrina tells dillian to dig hers out from under her seat, as victor smashes a window with his head. andrew tells them to get out of the plane and run. victor starts cutting into the plane with a chainsaw. he tries to cut the wires which turn the lights back on. dillian suggests they turn on the engine to have something to fight back with. he walks to the cockpit and tries to turn it on, as andrew shouts that the water is rushing in and time is running out. everyone leaves the plane. as victor heads inside. rose feels bad for leaving dillian behind. andrew calls out to victor to save andrew. victor leaves the plane and is now after them. dillian turns the engine on and comes out of the cockpit to find the plane empty outside. rose and sabrina are arguing about the phone when they hear victor slashing a tree in anger. sabrina runs as rose hides on a tree and tries to be quiet. victor is standing right below her. dillian tries to get help from the airplane cockpit. as sabrina is running away in the swamp. dillian reaches a channel, but they cut him off. andrew shows up in the cockpit, and they head out with a gun in the woods sabrina is hiding behind something, and victor is right at her heels. her phone starts to ring, and he finds her. he grabs her head and twists it. he throws her down and hits her in the face with a hatchet. rose comes to warn dillian and andrew, who is standing next to the plane wreckage. victor shows up behind her. he tries to get her, but andrew throws a hatchet at him. this buys her time to run. victor tries to get her, but she punches him in the face and runs to the guys. she assures them that she knows what to do. she starts chanting the curse, and andrew joins her, but nothing happens. andrew runs to victor and pushes him into the plane engine, but he gets a grip on the edge and manages to not get sucked in. dillian tells rose he would have loved to have babies with her. he kisses her and leaps at victor. both of them get sucked into and out of the engine and are now turned to mush. rose screams, and andrew stares at the engine, and the movie ends. thanks for watching, guys, 