[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, the guy who doesn't know if Simon Fitz Fitz or Fitz Fitzsimmons. and we're already off to a terrible start with the worst porn ever. anyway, agents of shield is back for its final season, and throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down the first episode. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the show yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video, and make sure you subscribe for breakdowns on the season week by week. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our recap of episode 1. okay, so episode 1 takes place in 1931, namely New York City. as we know from season 6, this is where the agents ended up. and I think, judging by the first entry, this season is sort of going to be a legends of tomorrow quest in which the group must protect the time liner, or cost from the krona comms. this is very much set up in the introductory scene, in which we see three hunters taking the faces of three policemen shout out Slender Man. we then get a thirties inspired title sequence. and I really hope that they do this for every era that the team go to, because it looks absolutely brilliant. anyway, aboard the Zephyr, we joined Simmons, Mac and Daisy, who are pretty shocked to see Coulson back once more. we learn that Simmons was able to resurrect him using chronic comm hardware and the group's life model decoy technology. so else, Coulson isn't really the real, real Coulson, he's as close as you can get humanly possible. anyway, well, robot Li possible lmds have of course, been laced throughout the series so far. and whilst they've turned out to be antagonists at several points, Coulson, at least, seems to be one of the good guys. now, this kind of ties into my theory on the whole L&amp;D chronicon thing. I've actually thought that the LM DS would actually be revealed to be the precursors to the chronic comms. and this may be where the show is heading towards, with the use of time travel chronic comms are an ancient synthetic that tend to operate in a galaxy as observers. enoch stay that he was sent from 30,000 years ago to observe the people of earth. and it is possible that Coulson, in some ways, may end up in the passed and he may become the one that kicked starts the race. this could also set up how Enoch was given the mission to observe the agents of shield, and a lot more. that theory is probably full of holes, but yeah, I do think they're kind of teasing at it here. anyway, Coulson was built using the last available brain scan on the character. and he seems pretty distressed to find out the reality of the situation. it's very hard-hitting. and he mentions things like Ghost Rider, Tahiti, which, as we know, is a magical place, the lighthouse and death of Fitz. this forces Mac to power him down, and he asks for the full one-one on. well, whatever's going on. through time streams left by the tides of the chronicles journey, the group have been able to follow the hunters as they attempt to eliminate shield from history through these tides. Simmons, has been able to follow them. and she shows the group the new command center, which is packed with time specific weapons. I spotted a tommy gun, m16 and some modern-day ones. so I think we might even stop by Vietnam before heading home to the present. let me know below what times you think we may see, because I think these weapons do sort of tease our all of the possible periods we could get. the team also meet Enoch, who talks like my grandma when she wears headphones. in case you don't know, Enoch is a chronic calm himself, and he's been scanning the airwaves for any sign of the hunters. everyone gets suited and booted, but the first thing that they have to do is sort out Daisy's hair. purple in the past. you damned SJW, you make me sick. anyway, we also learn the fate of May, and she's been recuperating since coming back from isil's dimension. we'll get into what I think happened to her more at the end of the video, but she gets fixed throughout the episode. and though we are told it should take a week for her to recover, it happens a lot quicker. we see a poster for Bela Lugosi's Dracula. and this could be a nice little nod to hunters suck the life out of their prey. vampires are monsters that appear as humans, just like how the chronic comes her synthetics that appear as humans. and in a way, it's like poetry. they rhyme. we also see a poster for the Phantom of the West, which was a 1931 film that followed a man that was wrongly accused of murder. he escaped prison and found the true killer, which was a man that used their name, the phantom. a phantom is often a term used for someone who is able to create an illusion of who they are. it's really hiding a dark nature to them, Hydra hid within shield, like a phantom. the chronic comes our phantoms in some ways, as they've taken the identities of policemen. and there's a nice little mirroring here of a Phantom Menace, because it's like poetry, they rhyme. I feel sorry if you've just started watching my channel and you don't get that we do terrible jokes or all of the time. basically. anyway, the set designers have really created a living breathing the East New York. the last time we saw this in the MCU was in agent Carter and also Captain America, the First Avenger. and I would love to have seen a young, skinny Steve or something. but though we don't really get a big easter egg, it is still nice to take at least a trip down memory lane. this is an era of prohibition and which alcohol had to be sold on the black market. and this ties into one of the main plot points in the entry. dica explains the timestream model, which does slightly contradict the multiverse one from the main MCU. I don't think they care too much about trying to tie into it anymore. but basically, it means they should be able to create minor ripples in the timestream without causing any problems. the group hoses Canadian Mounted Police and gain access to the crime scene after daizy gives some stunning and brave sass to a chauvinist man. here, Colson finds a swordfish symbol, which reminds him of a New York City speakeasy that he heard about in the SSR hero. the password was swordfish, which he uses to gain entry and they order drinks, but the barman pulls out a shotgun on them. they're here to meet someone called Gemini, and this is revealed to be Koenig, who I'm sure you recognize as Patton Oswalt. Patton has played the part of the Carnac brothers throughout the series, and this is the sixth time that he's played a relative of the family. I loved seeing him pop up, and it was one of the biggest surprises in the episode. Gemini, of course, symbolizes twins. and the colleagues, at one point, we're thought to be twins. so yeah, this is a nice little Easter Egg that ties into the overall show. at the crime scene, deke manages to digitally rebuild the faces of the victims, and he discovers what they look like. one of the chronic home cops tells the guard at the door that if he wishes to live, but then not to come in. and the cop just lets him by, because this is the worst policeman ever. just lets any old straggler in with a bad from a cereal box, you suck. deke and Daisy battle it with the two Crona coms, and they managed to steal a car and flee to the Zephyr. on board, yo-yos diseases slowly starting to disappear. and she is also offered synthetic arms that will allow her to feel once more. she initially turns him down, but does take them, finally, meaning that she'll be able to travel outside of the craft and interact with missions at the speakeasy, within that Koenig is supplying alcohol for a party in which New York Governor Franklin Roosevelt will be in attendance. at FDR, of course, ended up going on to become the president, and he formed shield. he was also mentioned in Captain America's Civil War, during the pen scene, in which we learned that the real-life figure was also instrumental to the creation of Captain America. in real life, FDR was enabled to walk properly because of polio. and now he should have been confined to a wheelchair. the president hid his disability by having AIDS helped him to walk, and also by using braces and a cane. he made sure to never be seen in his chair, as he thought it would show him this week. and during speeches, his sons would stand by to make sure he didn't fall. we see this play out in the episode, and it's nice that they paid this much attention to detail with it. the chronic calm is seemingly, you want to assassinate the president before he can even get the job. so protecting him is of the utmost importance. the group assembles at the party. while Simmons attempts to attain data on the chronic calms plans from a hostage, they flood his bandwidth with nonsense data in order to get him to spew out random bits of information, similar to how Coulson did in the opening. it's a nice scene that works alongside the party, where we discover what's actually going on. Daisy has a heart-to-heart with Coulson, and it's kind of crazy to think about the journey that they've been on throughout the entire show. I think their relationship, they're not often commented on, is sort of a surrogate father and daughter situation. and this has really been the driving part of the series. as FDR goes to leave, they assume that this is when the hit will be carried out, but nothing happens. it's actually revealed that one of the bartenders Freddie, who worked for Koenig, was the target all along the Chronicles, face melts and we see a mysterious woman states that she is his contact and that she has a job for him. Freddie must deliver a set of vials that contain the future, and that, in doing so, his family glory will be restored. the woman is killed, and it's revealed that Freddie is actually the father of Gideon Malick eventually ends up becoming the leader of Hydra. Gideon was played by powers Boothe. and you might remember that he featured in the Avengers movie and also throughout season 3 of agents of shield. so the chronic comms actually wish to take out shield by eliminating the need for it. if they destroy Hydra, then shield will never need to be formed. and it's a nice little twist on the whole time-travel thing. aboard the ship, Enoch realizes that may has escaped the healing chamber, and she lingers above the room, looking like something from hereditary. now, what is going on with the scene, and exactly what's up with me? well, the last time we saw her, she'd just gotten back from eyes else dimension. I actually have a theory that she was possessed by something from that and she may even end up becoming the big bad of the season. whilst time-traveling, they need a unifying threat in the show that comes across all of the decades. so it is possible that this may come in the form of May it was said that she would take weeks to heal by Simmons, but here she's hopping around. so it seems like something far more sinister is going on. I think would really add an interesting dynamic to the show if she was playing a more villainous role. and this could be a flip on season 6, in which they were trying to save Coulson. this may well turn out to be untrue. buh. when we know eyes'll carries the ability to possess people, anything is possible. now, obviously, I loved hear your thoughts on the first episode, so make sure you comment below and let me know. if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and make sure you check out a breakdown of some of the insane details. and the Iron Man series, which is gonna be linked at the end. we've gone over the whole trilogy, movie by movie, so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. you want to come chat juice after the show, either follow us at heavies spoilers, or click the discord link in description below. every month we give away free movies to people are subscribed to the channel. and this month, he can win the Marvel phase 3, part 2 box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you serve with notifications on the more videos you comment on, the movie have a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of June, and the cell will be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best the block that everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition, and you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 