greetings. thanks for stopping by. today i'll show you a horror mystery film from 2017 called the ritual. so without further ado, let's recap this. five friends, phil dom, hutch, luke and rob meet at a pub and discuss plans for a group holiday. rob suggests hiking in sweden, but gets rebuffed. afterward, luke and rob leave to purchase alcohol, but interrupt a robbery in progress. luke hides while the thieves harass rob for his valuables. luke continues to hide, torn with indecision over how to intervene before the thieves kill rob for not giving them his wedding ring. [Music]. six months later, the remaining four embark on a hiking trip along the kung's leden in northern sweden, in robb's memory, a day later, dom injures his knee. hutch suggests they cut through the forest rather than use the longer marked trail, in the hopes of sparing dom further suffering. upon entering the forest, however, the group encounters strange phenomena, including a gutted elk hanging from several branches and strange symbols carved in the trees as night falls. a torrential rainstorm forces them to find shelter. they come upon an abandoned cabin, so they break in and stay for the night. inside they find necklaces bearing similar symbols in a statue made of twigs of a decapitated human torso with antlers for hands. during the night, luke has a nightmare about the robbery. the next morning, the group awake to find luke's chest bleeding from strange puncture wounds, in a naked fill, praying to the statue. all of them having had nightmares, disturbed by their unconscious actions, the group tries to find a way out. while discerning their location, luke spots a large figure amongst the trees, but dom doubts him. in their ensuing argument, dom calls luke a coward for letting rob die to save himself. later that night, luke is having another nightmare about the robbery, and is awakened by phil's screams. he comes out of his tent and finds hutch's tent empty and partially collapsed. the remaining three men rushed deeper into the woods to search for him. but by dawn, they realize that they are lost and unable to locate their campsite. while continuing their search without their supplies, they find hutch gutted and impaled on tree branches. after giving him an impromptu burial, they continue on. later, phil is suddenly dragged away by an unseen creature. despite realizing the creature has been stalking them the entire time, luke and dom have little choice but to make a run for it. as the creature gives chase, they find a torchline path leading to a small settlement and rush into a cottage to hide. after they get inside, they are knocked unconscious. when they awake, they find themselves restrained in a cellar. an elderly woman enters and inspects luke's wounds, revealing she bears a similar marking. on her way out, she orders two men to take dom upstairs. a younger woman enters and explains that preparations are being made for a sacrifice. sometime later, a beaten dom is returned to the basement. he tells luke that he is to be sacrificed to the creature, urging him to escape and destroy the village before he too is sacrificed. desperate to escape, luke breaks his thumb and partially frees himself from his restraints. as dom is tied up outside by the townsfolk. amidst the ritual, dom has a vision of his wife emerging from the forest, not realizing it is the creature until right before it picks him up and impales him on a nearby tree. sometime later, the young woman comes back. when luke asks about the creature, she explains that it is a yodan, an ancient god-like entity in an offspring of loki, that the cult provides sacrifices to in return for immortality. luke has been chosen and is to either worship it or be sacrificed. she is revealed to also possess the same markings on her chest. after she leaves, luke fully frees himself and ventures upstairs. armed with a torch. he finds a twisted congregation of mummified worshipers that begin to move, and sets them alight, burning the cabin and attracting the yoten. luke finds a hunting rifle and heads downstairs, running into and killing a follower before taking another man's axe. the enraged yotan kills the young woman, while luke shoots at it and escapes. it pursues him, crippling his mind with hallucinations of robb's death, before catching and forcing him to his knees, offering him a chance to submit, luke refuses before striking it with the axe, briefly incapacitating it. following hallucinatory signposts in rays of sunlight, he emerges in an open field. unable to leave the forest, the yoten roars in anger, while luke shouts back in triumph, before heading towards a paved road. and that was it. did you like it? have you seen this movie before, or are you planning to watch it now? let me know in the comments, and don't forget to leave a like and subscribe so you won't miss the next movie recaps. see you on the next one. bye. 