[Music]. welcome to the breakdown, when we break down all the messed up [ __ ]. today we're checking out eyes without a face, an old school film about a crazed doctor who kidnaps women to take off their face. you might even recognize this movie before from singing this image on countless YouTube thumbnails. so if you want to learn what happens to see the most messed up horse, stay tuned for the breakdown. the movie starts out with some goofy Looney Tunes music. as the introduction passes, then we see a woman driving, and she looks in her rear view mirror to see a figure in the back that she's already aware of. the figure is, in fact, a lifeless woman. and the driver pulls her out and dragged into the surrounding lake. later we see a man answering a phone call, and then we see some biologists talk to a crowd about transferring one organisms tissue to another, basically skin sharing. then two officers are talking about the dead woman from the beginning, who was found. they tell to the professor biologist that the dead woman is his daughter. she's missing her face, and only her eyes remain. another man has also been missing his daughter. and that's the professor who seems a little all about finding out his daughter's dead. then at the funeral, after everybody leaves, the woman from the beginning does something to a resting-places, then they drive off. then back home, the professor comes upon a woman with a facedown and we learned that this is his actual daughter, showing that the woman from the beginning was a random woman who shared similar looks to this girl. the professor uses the dead woman to make a face for his daughter, who had completely disfigured her own face in an accident. the woman who helped hide the body also got a new face. man professor. and the woman puts a mask on the daughter. the daughter sneaks around her house as the woman has her eyes set on some woman. it to be a new facial match. the woman takes the gorgeous lady to the professor's house under the guise that the house could be used as a rent home. the gorgeous girl is nervous, intense, but the professor chloroform's are after faking her hospitality, and carries her away. they put her in a secret Batcave like department. is the daughter hides and observe the daughter ventures inside. the seeker only finds a human centipede. s surgery room in a large room of caged dogs. who doesn't love dogs? this? she examines the gorgeous girl more and lifted her true appearance in the mirror and walks up to the gorgeous girl. do we actually see the daughters fucked-up faces. the gorgeous girl springs in fear. then it's surgery time. we hear the daughters--. moaning on an operating table. the professor begins to cut the gorgeous girl's face as the woman hands on the tools. then he goes over her eyes. he gets the snippers and cuts to face more. as the jiggles and the woman puts more scissors around the face. then the professor picks up the face, and we see it's not even any muscle back there. it looks like she got must face at the spa. very much later, the daughter's new mass is becoming heal, but the two don't know what to do about the previous gorgeous girl. then we see a girl bandaged up. in the bandage one knocks out the woman. I'm sure this is the gorgeous girl. then a professor in the woman followed the gorgeous girl all throughout the house. we hear a loud scream, and we see that the gorgeous girl has jumped out the window to her death. then the fake duo take the body to the cemetery where the original victim is to put her there as well. later though, we see a friend of the gorgeous girl giving info to the police that helps describe the woman helpers. then at dinner, we see the daughter's new pretty face, and they plot how to put her back into society. the daughter feels some sense of guilt, though. but then outside, the professor reveals that he'd failed the surgery. we see what he means by that. one day's passing, the daughter's new face starts to deteriorate. now it's back to the same beginning. then we see the professor examining a dog, and then we see the daughter prank-calling fiance. she gets caught, and then she talks about she'd rather be dead and looked like this and the experiments to the professor. and she falls limp. wanted to embrace death as an alternative. then the two detectives think about the info given to them to identify the woman and speak of the devil. the woman is already looking for a new victim to replace the daughter's face. would the police recruit their own little troublemaker that looks similar to the past victims so they can find the killer? she gets admitted to a hospital where the professor works. I'm a professor when he's a doctor. anyway, the professor sees the potential that the troublemaker has to replace the daughter's face. book the professor and a woman kidnapper. and then we cut directly to the surgery. but before they even cut, they are interrupted by two visitors, who happen to be the police officers that recruited the girl. and asked if he knows what a troublemaker when the troublemaker wakes up crying is the daughter watches, she creeps up on the girl and grabs a scalpel, cutting the troublemaker free.this she stabs the woman helper in the neck, killing her. and the daughter backs away like a savage, so she slumps over dead. the troublemaker runs away. then a daughter lets all those cute doggies free, and they literally attacked the professor who is returning from the police. the dogs completely pound and Massacre the professor's the daughter becomes in touch with reality. then a daughter walks out, and we see the face of the chewed-up professors. the daughter becomes a woman nature. well, I can really see that this movie was probably disturbing for his time, especially since that surgery scene hose up even today. let's talk about the most absurd moment and most enjoyable meeting that spooky stuff. okay, let's get right into it. the most historic moment was easily the surgery. other than that, this movie was pretty peaceful. but I'm sure many people will see the picture of the surgery from the movie and many spooky videos out there. the most enjoyed moment, I say, was the dog. he's being led free. I'm a sucker for dogs, and I just don't like the idea of those dogs being detained like a bunch of lab rats. and that's it. this movie came out of 1960, same here that the Justice League debuted it. to enjoy it, hopefully you can click on that nice circle logo to subscribe today for more disturbing films. or you can check out those old schools - real movie. thanks for watching. spooky out 