i thought you were dead. [Applause]. i've been away a long, long time. [Music]. i won't let him go astray. just give sam some time. she'll come around. after cobra kai shut down, i knew i had to keep fighting to stay alive. so i re-enlisted. the world needs cobra guy. i remember you doing back then what you're doing right now, trying to find my weakness. that's the medal of honor, the highest honor awarded by the u.s military. so you guys want to be covered guys, huh? you get a long road to eddie diaz, did you purposely attack your opponent's injury? yes, sensei. the baddest badass is the one who beats his opponent when he's at his strongest, not when his back is turned, not when he's injured. no more fighting dirty from here on out. those are [ __ ] moves of miyagido karate. isn't to fight them. is to show them a different way. you got room for one more. if i'm extra hard on you, it's only because you have the potential to be better than i ever was. you were young and i went overboard cause believe me. there ain't nothing i'd like more in this world than to have another chance. hold up. [Music] is always moving in a circle. and with the wheel technique, you'll soon see that two people could be as strong as 20. class, we have a visitor. this is mr crease. one, two, three. true champion never stops training. you gotta keep moving forward, or else you're gonna get stuck exactly where you are. can't believe he's been living by himself. i know, you know, we have the space. that's my ass. all your knuckles doing there? crease, you're both in for a rude awakening. you're right, sensei. is definitely keen's father. i wasn't suping, but, you know, he's your son. yeah, robbie's my son, but that has nothing to do with how i run my doji. you have more students. you have more money. you have more money. you pay more rent. yeah, okay. let's make new handshake deal. huh? come on, fine. i saw your little demo at valley fest. you guys can put on a show. can you actually fight? show little miss hotshot here, what cobra kai is all about. [Music], dory, only after your father attacked our dojo. where did you get that? i swiped it from the bottom. sam, this is tori. tori. sam, oh v sam, hey, have either one of you seen my wallet? wait, you're missing your wallet. my mom's missing her wallet. it sucks for her. you wouldn't know anything about that. what are you up to? listen, i didn't rob your mom. [ __ ]. get off of me. over the last 10 years, i've been living in places like this. you want a chance to redeem yourself, you got it. uh, it was unclear if the gate was the front door, if i was supposed to bring the door back. i want to learn karate. sensei, crease, you want to take this one, certainly. sensei lawrence, leave me alone. okay? i don't want to have to hit a girl. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music], the fight is only over when you say it. and i'm still trying to figure out what that means. [Music]. i'm sorry. let's finish the fight. they even took mr miyagi's medal of honor. you're seriously gonna talk to me about disrespecting dojos after what you just did to mine? you don't earn a medal of honor by stealing it. i want to be a bigger man. i'd never like to hear russo's but that sort of [ __ ] we don't teach in here, at least not anymore. say nothing. i'll handle it. i got to go deal with something. can you man the fort? probably he'll trash the dojo. hey, we didn't have anything to do with that, but i am sorry about what happened at the mall. happy to have you. nice to meet you, johnny. look, we can't let tommy rod in this place. he deserves better. i was in love with ali. i don't think i ever really got over her. because cobra khan never dies. come and take it. this isn't a tournament. this is real life. is that how you want to live your life? [Music], about what you've been putting in my kid's head since i've been gone. huh? just been teaching him to weigh the fist like what you did when you backed down from larusso's challenge. is that what the new carburcai is all about? you know what? i'm sorry. i thought this could work, but i was wrong. what are you doing here? i'm not here to fight. i just came to give something back. look what i found where johnny lawrence's cobra kai sometimes shows mercy. oh, excuse me, can we get some menus? oh, look who it is. i didn't recognize you. hi. take the costumes. it's been a long time. i just signed up on the facebook. maybe we connect one of these days. johnny, hey, so you are letting me think i'm a paranoid [ __ ], and yet you're on a date with robbie. look, i just came to clear the air so that things wouldn't be weird. are you okay? what the hell? sam, anybody be lucky to go on a date with you? you asking me out? if i it's am mom. i have to leave again or two this time. baja vegas. let's go. you never said anything about inviting cobra guy. well, i figured with summer ending and school starting back up, we could stop all the fighting. hey, why don't we push the tables together? no, no, no, no. it's not a good idea. we're so neat. that is a great idea. sorry. this is piper. um my, you can say it girlfriend, you don't have to worry. is gone. he's not coming back. why do you think miguel returned mr miyagi's medal? you know, mcdell took it to your house. he said he gave it to robbie. i'll always be miyagi doe, and you'll always be cobra kai. but that doesn't mean we have to be at war, right? shouldn't have gotten stolen in the first place. so i'm just glad you got it back. hey, dad, hey, it's sam. leave a message. it still keeps going to her voicemail. thanks for letting us crash here last night. sam, what the hell is wrong with you? [Music], hey, bring it up. [Music], don't. i'm fine. why did you call or text us? mr larusso it was my fault. the whole thing was a it's a mistake. you know. you want to end up like him, that's up to you. all right. come on, sam, from now on, no more lying. miguel gave me the medal of honor and i put it in the backyard. you know what you did, and now you're gonna pay for it. you kiss miguel. settle down. i'm sure we can figure this out. [Music], i'm not gonna throw the first punch too bad. there are no rules. [Music], i wasn't taught the difference between mercy and honor, and i paid the price for it. i'm sorry. [Music], so you know, the next 24 hours are critical. he's gonna pull through, right? i'm so sorry. before miguel met you, he was a sweet boy. he avoided bikes. i never want to see you again. i don't care about tori. i just want my girl to be okay. somebody needed to remind them what it takes to win. miguel is in the hospital because of you. he showed mercy to robbie keane because of you. if he dies, that's on you. i found that cobra guy. it belongs to me. you went, cobra kai, it's yours. see what this stupid rivalry has done. our daughter is in the hospital. no more karate. [Music], you 