[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a post-apocalyptic action film, water world. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. in the year 2500, due the global climate change on earth, the polarized caps start to melt down, resulting in the rising of sea levels and submerging of all the continents, together with a highly evolved human civilization. after the catastrophe, the remaining human survivors have to crowd on some floating man-made facilities and struggle to continue their dying civilization, which has retreated to the primitive stage, for getting long since what the land looks like. though people believe that there's a mythological dry land above water, somewhere in the endless ocean. and thus keeps searching the way to the lost land. the mariner kevin, lives alone, far away from the human community, and survives the harsh environment at the vast sea by purifying his urine into fresh water during the drought days for himself and the lemon tree as well. besides his survival skills, kevin is also good at fighting. tends to show no tolerance to those who try to approach his property for damage and robbery. someday. he stops a thief who tries to steal his lemons, and leaves the thief behind to the coming barbarous smokers, a gang of pirates in the ocean world. later that day, kevin arrives at an artificial floating island, attempting to trade for some supplies. the residents inside, who refused to let him in at the beginning, open the gate for kevin, after noticing that he gets a big jar of dirt, the most valuable currency in the water world. inside the island, kevin is soon surrounded by curious people who are astonished by such a large amount of dirt he possesses, and wonder how he can get that. after the negotiation, kevin sells the soil for some fresh water in a tomato plant. but right before his leaving, the community leader stops the dirt rich guy, kevin and asks him to impregnate his horny daughter, believing that kevin's also rich in hormones. kevin, however, believes that he's here to trade dirt rather than his cheap hormones. he then refuses such a ridiculous proposal and is about to leave with his supplies, unhappy by the refusal. and suspecting kevin's hormone condition, the leader sends his men to take control of kevin for a body check, but is shocked to find that kevin is actually a mutant, evolved with gills and webbed feet, which would allow him to live underwater for a long time. in fear of any potential threat to the pure human society, they put kevin in confinement and want to execute the mutant man they've met for the first time. but right then that the smokers approached the floating island and launched their attacks on the fence, attempting to break in with the heavy machine gunshots. under the violent attack, the smoker soon break through its defense system, and the panicked residents have to run for their lives without any effective resistance. meanwhile, kevin is knocked down in the cage and about to submerge entirely into the muddy water. fortunately, a girl hera, comes to rescue him timely, in exchange for kevin to help her and her daughter escape the island. after release from the cage, kevin takes his boat and rushes out with the tube, while doing his best to avoid the deadly gunfires before his leaving, kevin tricks the smokers into shooting at their own ships, causing one of their ships to be blown up, and entering their boss. after their successful escape, kevin turns unhappy towards hera and her daughter, considering that the two are just a huge burden to him, where they would share his fresh water and slow down the ship. later, he gets to know that hera was supposed to escape with her father in a gas balloon, which, however, was released too early. so hera and her daughter were left behind. and the little girl, who shows her talent in painting, is actually hera's adopted daughter, with a mysterious tattoo on her back, which is believed to be the road map to the legendary dry land. but it seems that nobody can read the map and find the land on the other side. soon after taking all control of the island, the smokers begin to torture the residents for the little girl, for they also hear the rumor about the road map to dry land. however, they later get to know that the said little girl has been taken by kevin, who's the exact guy just escaping out and entering the boss in rage, the boss orders his men to hunt cabin at all costs. moments later, kevin encounters a drifter who shows him a piece of paper and asks to exchange it for a fast hormone game with hera. kevin believes that it's a pretty good deal and gives the man two minutes for the game. in exchange, he promises to allow hera and her daughter to stay down. without better choice, hera has to accept the deal, to her surprise. kevin later cancels the deal and forces the man to leave, who, however, gets upset by the interruption. during the following confrontation, the poor man is killed with all his supplies taken but his fully loaded hormones. in the next few days, however, as their relationship grows in a joint effort to find their food supplies, kevin changes his negative attitudes towards the two and turns to accept them on his boat. later, they visit a food exchange station which has already been taken control by the smokers. but fortunately, kevin notices something weird before boarding the station. so he rushes away by use of the wind power, but gets shot on his back, knowing that the smokers keep chasing them for the mysterious road map. and that hera is still obsessed with the so-called dry land, kevin decides to show hera what happened to the actual land. he then provides her with a diving bell and dives with her underwater, taking her all the way to the ocean floor and showing her the remains of a submerged human city made of cement and concrete, where he collects the dirt. hera is shocked by the submerged land and human city, while kevin believes that human civilization has all been destroyed and there's no dry land all in such a water world. however, when they surface to their boat, they only find that they've been surrounded by the smokers who come to search for the little girl. during the chaos, kevin takes the chance to dive underwater with hera to avoid the attack and helps her breathe, making them stay long enough to prevent the capture. however, by the time they come out from the underwater, they only find that the boat is burned to pieces by the smokers. and what's worse, the little girl has been taken away. while drifting on the sea and not knowing what to do next, kevin and hera are luckily saved by the coming gas balloon, which later brings them to a small ship inhabited by the survivors. being saved, though, kevin insists on risking his life to rescue the little girl out, who's taken to the smoker's camp, while the smokers are busy studying on the tattoo on her back, hoping to find the location of dry land, but to no success. not long after that, he traces down and comes to the smoker's floating camp, which is powered by man labor. kevin manages to board the deck and threatens to blow up the iron camp. the boss, however, refuses to release the little girl, for he believes that kevin would kill himself, and doesn't dare to do that. without any hesitation. kevin drops a flare into the oil tank and sets off a huge blast, immediately causing the whole camp to catch fire and start to sink. the boss tries to escape the danger in a jet, taking the little girl with him. kevin soon locates the boss and drags him down before he can take off from the ground. with a little girl rescued. kevin manages to board the balloon via the rope and kicks off the coming boss into the water, who later gets killed by the ship explosion. sometime later, the old man identifies the coordinates tattooed on the girl's back. following the map, they cover a long journey before finally reaching their dream dry land, the top of mount everest. they search the land and find a cottage on a hill where they see the same paintings and the remains of two human bodies, who they believe are the girl's parents. it's shown that the parents tattooed the road map on her daughter and sent her out before their death, hoping that someday people in the water world could find the way to the last land. in the final scene, believing that he does not belong on dry land, kevin gives hera, a non-hormone goodbye kiss, and sails back alone to his familiar water world as hera and the little girl bit him farewell in the far distance. this is daniel cc movie channel, peace out. 