welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka the Clown Prince of YouTube. and what's better than one Joker movie? that's right, - Joker movies. so today we have an official announcement from Warner Brothers that they are now working on a follow-up to their billion dollar movie at Joker. when the film was first announced, it was said that it would be a standalone story. however, many people, including myself, were desperate to see more. and I guess money talks, because going forward, we are going to be getting a follow up, as well as another project from Phillips that is centered around a DC. property. for the last couple of weeks, Joaquin Phoenix has teased that he would make a comeback as the character. and this is great news for fans of the film that want to see more from the topsy-turvy mind of Gotham's most infamous villains. Joker is the first-ever r-rated movie to hit the 1 billion dollar mark. but it also had a vast departure from the standard comic book movie affair, presenting a dark and extremely great movie that had many people calling for Phoenix to receive an Oscar for the role. now, interestingly, this announcement carries a lot with it. there are rumors that the upcoming Robert Pattinson and Matt Reeves Batman movie will be set in the 90s. and if that is the case, and I can imagine the studio wanting to tie the two properties together, so we finally get Phoenix's betrayal face off against the new dog, Knight himself. though we don't actually know what the second movie that Phillips is working on is. it could potentially be a crossover film, or perhaps even another origin story for one of DC's other villains. either way, I'm so glad that this is going ahead. as I've been hoping and praying for a follow-up for the movie because something about it just stuck with me. okay, I guess it was all those murders that have caused, remember remember when all those murders happened after after people went to see Joker? no? oh, yeah, yeah. me neither. anyway, I can't wait to see when this is finally released, in what could potentially be 20 22. and it looks like Warner Brothers are starting to go ahead with this new vision, and it could end up being the new universe that they carve out after their current one has been quite hit and miss. now obviously, I'll keep you up-to-date with news on the project as it comes out. but in the meantime, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this. and if you're excited for the movie, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out my full breakdown of the Joker clock theory, which explains why all of the clocks in Joker are set to 11:11. I'll be linked at the end, and it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to come chat to me after the video that make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. will head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, then that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 2, boxer on blu-ray, which contains Black Panther and Benny War, endgame Captain Marvel and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the Joker sequel in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen on the 15th of December, and the set will be shipped out from the intro. if I get surprised, it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 