yes, this recap reps. we're gonna get you all caught up with Game of Thrones for the final season. pay real close attention, y'all. do we go? welcome to Winterfell. loyal fan. bond vacation. Jaime, Cersei can't bang and Bob bran. defenestration. Robert has an offer that accepts the call, that a daughter's to the Capitol. John to the wall. danny has juice. bro Mary sir - Jojo, almost a no-go. brought it like a pogo. rolling with the fresh, hot Queen, dealing cold flows, called her Khaleesi. now here's a crown of gold for all. tyrion travels and gets it on. romance, a bromance. fraud starts vs. Lannisters. broadcaster teaching. Jaime is defeated, Ned. learns a dirty secret. Robert sighs. Joffrey's king. that one's out of that scene. his daughters in the audience. he gets shot at, feed ruggedized - Danny struts into his pyre and emerges with her. dragons are affected by the fire, but North remembers Callen tries to grow the stars brand. offers an alliance with King. rally and Queen high dam also Melisandre. what a fine, magic lady. she gets it all with Stannis to producers to have adult baby. plead - Rob only sold that later. Catelyn can release Jamie to make team boats. lair Arya haircut meets a business bad as sons a psychologically abused by King. asshat beyond in the North. proof she's already [ __ ]. John leaves a wall on a quest to get his dick wet standards. force Lannisters. Blackwater tree. fire ass has pleased himself. Tyrion inspire. meanwhile, Danny double-crossed the cars. where I my dragon there. there so many stories. may I'll die before through this. but it's like they say, Valar morghulis. [Music], beyond all white walkers. [Music], yeah, but they won't not a bugs ass hats on it. crossbow and hookers. dear God, can I be honest? T's biggest an [ __ ] I've ever can see. they punch my TV every time it comes on screen, I'm sure. until team Oh Slayer, getting closer on the surface. but Jamie, mrs. Cersei, and now we can't jerk it. Brandon holder, join forces when it start the drizzle. as for Theon [ __ ], Ramsay makes it official. Jon, into your cave action. wildling on Crows says he's got a go, but you know nothing. Jon Snow. Jamie, for you slave kids. her army at its largest keeps Jorah at bay. after dartium, the hardest. Rob finds fluff and a gorgeous medic he puts a baby in ER. they attend a wedding. a song starts playing as the Starks are dying. I can't watch this again. I'm already crying. Marjorie and asshat. wedding with the purple twist, poisoned wine. asshat dies, like is this? [ __ ]. blame it on Tyrion, who's like, what the hell fat Tywin's like? and Jamie pills troll paths are in. the Hound nupro steppin dudes. than the Hound goes down, or he leaves. intrude. Brandon Cruz charged and barely make it to the trees and find the thread raven. then they chill for a season. shana stan is teaming up wildlings. eyes climb John and eager tear enough that she goes down. this time, Kenny and remained with their new feared and Daario dragons get homicidal. chained him up. sorry, bro, and forget over it. so talents, if it sticks, goes to bat for Tyrion, but gets his face squished. Jamie frees Terry and revenge for the latter, he chokes out. Jay killed his daddy on the crapper [Music], and everything. White Walkers. [Music], yeah, no one cares. in fact, though, with mind to be further, they're dealing with a cult, and it comes to child murders. feel bad for Jamie, but for Stannis, not so much. he fails an invasion and is slain by a woman's touch. Syrian escaping. meets Torah on a bad night. tyrion promoted stone Jorah only gets, I'm gonna break to Leah what her reign is coming undone deep [ __ ] in the pits, eat dragon fire. song, are you going faceless? but only gets cataracts on the psychologically abused by a psychopath sparrows in the capital, searches in a new game, torture and confession and shame. John in the watch ally with the wildlings. hardhome massacre. that did it keep rising. John's like holy [ __ ] Thrones. like up yours. bro stabby, stabby, stabby. that's the end of Jon Snow. or is it? Melisandre playing doctor? let's see that ass again. well, god, she got harder. Brandes, get some walkers. limbs up. Jon Snow's Laura. thanks to our friend, who will be meant to hold the door. Danny Angels. Frankie Falls. start with her back. so of them, plus the fleet, plus her dragons. Eddy sack bro Arya, as their training, gets vengeance with a throne. slash. John and Sons of Ian. I forgot to kill the Psychopaths. biggest [ __ ] I've ever [ __ ] seen. I push my TV every time. I did that already. Battle of the bastard. visceral and fish's jaw Gwyn. psychopath eyes fire fishes. king's landing at the mercy of religion. young Tom and Ned Margaery try to reason with them. Sir sea trout. wild fire tears through the younger crowd. Tom and dropped out. creepy. now found out stuff was left out. [Music]. that was Game of Thrones seasons 1 through 6. y'all. this is recap. rest leave a comment below, letting us know what you want to see next, and we'll see you real soon to talk. what's up guys. thanks for watching. if you like this, click the box to lunch see a playlist of all our other recap reps, or click the Box on the right to see another top video. be sure to hit that subscribe button to stay up to date on all the latest own content. hi. I'm a HBO go warp. so now 