okay, let's do this one more time. so tenet is a film i've seen up down, left, right and inside out. boy, you turn me like the characters in the movie. it's only upon going through the events of it several times that i start to see things from a new perspective. and the more i watch it, the more it becomes clear that cat is actually the future protagonist. we're gonna be going through all the clues in this video, but if this is your first time here, then welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka, the coolest cat when it comes to tennis. now let's get into the breakdown. okay. so this train of thought first came to me on my 7th and 97th watch of the film during the scene in which the protagonist encounters priya for the first time upon reverse bungee jumping into a home. he initially believes that her husband, sanjay singh, is the weapons trader that's been dealing in munitions. however, it's revealed that priya is actually the one behind this. and she says the line, a masculine front in a man's world often has its uses. this sent me spiraling off into thinking that it could indeed be the case with the protagonist. and just like how sanjay is the face of his operation, it could go far beyond that in the other characters. now i think, from the way that pre-acts and the things that she says, that she has at some point interacted with the future version of the protagonist. she has an air of arrogance to her about the events that are going on, and doesn't seem to respect the character at all, even disobeying what he says at several points. now if she was aware that he would be the overseer of tenet, then surely she would respect and fear him more. this got me thinking, what if the protagonist is actually controlled by someone, and he is simply being used as a masculine front to hide what's going on? that made me really start to deconstruct his actual character. and the more i thought about it, the more i realized he doesn't really fit the mold of the god like person that we hear controls everything. throughout the film, he has a little to no agency at all. and whether it's the opening opera scene, being told what to do and whereby michael crosby, having neil keep him in check and so on. he just doesn't seem to be the person making decisions. even ive shows about nowhere and tells him what to do, and he almost kills both neil and the protagonist before changing his mind. i know this is him likely just playing with the pair, but the protagonist doesn't really strike me as someone who's good at making choices. in fact, most of the times that the character does take charge of something, it completely ends in failure, let's be honest. now this is seen especially in the highway chase, in which he ends up in a car crash. and he only manages to stop the algorithm at the end from being buried because neil sacrifices himself. the idea of him having no agency is further hammered home and what could be his opposite, aka sanjay. during their meeting, the protagonist says that he's not the person they sent to negotiate, and even admits to simply being a trigger that people send to pull. like sanjay, he's in place to do one job, but when it comes to making decisions, he's not the person people turn to. however, cat often is. and there are several moments that point towards her directing him and even giving the character orders. during the school meeting scene, she tells him how to get into rotus. and come the end of the film, she's leaving him messages so that he can protect her, not the other way around. these orders sent back to the past are similar to what we see saito getting. and thus it's not too much of a stretch to assume that the protagonist is still just a trigger hell, he even kills priya at this moment, hammering home this idea that he still only really has one job. now there's also a part in this scene that we should also pay close attention to. bria seems confused by the whole thing, especially because the protagonist is showing up. the reason for this is because she knows that there are really others behind the scenes that aren't him. and this is confirmed by the line in which he says, there are multiple protagonists. therefore we know that there are others that exist who have controlled not only her, but also the events that we see play out in the film. now because of this, like sanjay, he could very well just be the face of the protagonists, the hired gun that is directed by the others that lurk in the background. tenet works on the idea that there are people controlling the events of the movie that we don't see. and this is not only shown in the protagonist, but it's also very much part of saitor's story, similar to what we see happening to the protagonist at the end. satosh simply receives messages from the future and then carries out what they tell him to do. thus, cat could very much be doing something similar to the character without him even knowing. but what exactly is the evidence for this? and what motive would she have for sending orders back to the past? well, cat's sole desire in life is to protect her son. she knows that the protagonist is the only man capable of doing this, and thus she likely manipulated things behind the scenes so that he would do this and save her too. other reasons that cement that she is indeed one of the controlling figures in the future is because she knows the ins and outs of sator's operation. because of their marriage, she's had access to sensitive information on his organization, and likely knows intimate things about it that the protagonist never would she knows about where things go when he started dealing ammunition, where his crew went to on jobs and so on, making her a far better choice as the director of tenet. because of this knowledge, she could easily put the protagonists on the right path for the events that we see in the movie. now there are other things in the film that hint towards it, and the eagle eyed amongst you will have noticed that the colours blue and red are used throughout the film. at several points. these appear in the background of scenes, on certain objects and so on. they're the colors that the key teams use to differentiate the past from future with, and thus they should be paid attention to. however, as apparent as these colors are, the only character that we actually see wearing them fully as part of their clothing is cat, who appears not only in a blue dress, but also a red one. i think that this is nolan hinting to us that we should pay very close attention to her. now, if we continue this idea of metaphors and understand cat's arc, then we have to see that the journey she goes on actually contradicts the idea that the protagonist is looking over her, and not the other way around. throughout the film, she is under her husband's control completely. and it seems weird to me that she would break free of this in the finale, only to fall back under the protagonists. now, though he is looking out for her, it still sets up the idea that the character has control over her life. this is really an opposite to her arc. and it's clear that the end of the movie is meant to free her from control. now another hint towards this, i think, is because she actually makes a choice in the finale. though everyone tells her that she shouldn't kill sato before they have the algorithm, she does it anyway and gets her own way, even though others tell her not to. clearly, she is not under the control of anyone else anymore. and the fact that she's able to do this without ending the world shows that she has an almost godlike ability to control things and get her own way. the algorithm was supposed to detonate when satou's heart stopped, and yet the fact it doesn't highlights just how powerful kek can be seen as. now, the other characters, such as the protagonist, neil and ives, they're all on paths that they can't divert from, whereas cat making a choice shows that she is above them. i very much view the ending as her being free from her husband's control. and the way that she looks at her past self on the boat before leaping very much highlights to me that she has come full circle and knows that she is broken, free of the hell that she was trapped in. it's very triumphant moment. and in summary, to me, cat is actually the future protagonist, and the movie is about her saving her son in the world. nolan is often said that, in the same way that inception was his take on the heist movie, that tenet is his take on this spy one. thus, if we take the archetypes from that and apply them to this, the protagonist is very much james bond, whereas cat is m as priya says, there are multiple protagonists. and similar to her relationship with sanjay, the one we follow is likely just a blunt instrument that carries out orders for the others. cat has access to seito's in our operations, and also has a motive to make sure he falls because of his mistreatment of her. that's what you get for shooting her mate. she becomes free in the end, because, unlike the other characters, she makes a choice, and therefore is the true future protagonist, or, you know, might not be. and that's the video ruined. but if you're someone who watches tenna every week, like me, then i'd love it if the next time you went through it, that you had this theory in mind. the beauty of the film is that it's different every time you go through it, and there are a lot of different theories that you can really apply to it. i'd obviously love to hear your thoughts on this one, and whether you agree with me, or whether you have just a completely different one. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize draw in which we're giving away three copies of the hobbit and lord of the rings 4k box set to our subscribers. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the theory. the links to our socials are in the description. and you can also support the channel by clicking the join button. and as a thank you, you get videos like this early. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of neil's journey at the end and what happened to him at stealth12. it's linked on screen now, and it's definitely worth watching if you want more tennis videos. without the way, thank you for sitting through this one. i've been paul. you've been the best. and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 