welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka spoil and King. and the finale of the outsider is finally here. the HBO show has been an incredible ride the last 10 weeks. an episode ten has a hell of a lot to unpack from it. throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down all of the ins and outs of the finale, it's ending, the post-credits scene and where things could be going in the future. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel to never miss a breakdown. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into our ending explained of the outsider. episode 10 picks up immediately after the shootout that began last week's cliffhanger. Alec is dead, and everyone else is in the crosshairs of a military trained marksman. so it looks like they could be going on the highway to heaven. and I'm not talking about the best chicken in 200 miles. that joke didn't really work, does it? Howie called in, seal arrived, and the latter returns fire. shouts Max Beesley as well, who plays seal. and like my breakdown of the episode last week, I'm sorry you had to go out like that, and I love you. he Howie a nanny are killed. and it's a really devastating scene that holds no punches. watching these characters die one after the other feels worse than the red wedding on Game of Thrones. and it's going to be a lot of grief and despair left from all of this. I'll discuss how this may play a part later, if there's a season two. but yeah, that's just something to bear in mind. at the moment, Holly put herself in Jack's sights, but he lowers his weapon after being reminded that he's only going one way after this, that is straight to hell. I think he also remembers that Holly did genuinely want to help him earlier in the season. and he relinquishes control before getting his comeuppance, I was predicted last week. the snake bites him, which ends the fight. and all that are left standing a sob low, Ralph Claude and Holly, Jax Tom Wilson to the area, and he's been bitten several times in the face by the snake. so he now looks like the outsider mid-transformation. he points the way to the bear cave, and they slowly make their way through, discovering caucuses and eventually elk cuoco. they see that he took the stairs precautious Lee, showing that he's scared of falling, and therefore he can be killed. they passed several of the landmarks from last week's episode, and it's a very intense scene that uses multiple exposures to overlay the beast with that journey into the depths of Hell. al cuoco actually helps to guide them, which showcases the psychological aspect of the character. it wants to be found, but in guiding them, it will make them think that it has the upper hand already, and thus it doesn't mind allowing them to come face to face with it. the Beast looks completely like cord now because of the 27 day transformation cycle coming to an end, and it must now choose another face. it has purposely chosen this location because of the nature of the collapse last week, which was caused by the search party showing for the boys, though they could instantly shoot it, they are already aware of the cave-in, and have been reminded by the names of the dead Bolton's that it's a bad idea. so it's fair enough that they're taking it easy in terms of their weapons. they actually have a conversation with al cuoco, who enforces the notion that the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world that he didn't exist. al cuoco has evaded the law for centuries because people simply won't believe in it. holly was the only one to, and thus it was finally caught. during the exchange of cuoco hints at the idea that there may be more than just one out there. and no, it hasn't encountered any of its other kind. it does know that they exist. Stephen King's work all tends to be linked in some way, and this could be a nod to Pennywise, the true knot, or some of the other creatures that he's created. earlier in the season, Alec did stay that when he was a young boy, he got lost in the woods, and he heard something calling his name. so we do know that should the show go beyond this season, that there are other avenues in which they can travel. al cuoco also pays lip service to the glow that fields him from grief. it gives him energy, and he feeds upon it. and thus it is possible that if the deaths of those in the caves from 40 years still provide him with a power, that the bodies of those murdered outside could also. Holly asks why children and the creature applies with because they taste the sweetest. we did say in Episode a that, due to the comment on one of the victims cancers, that al cuca would probably eat younger people, as they're less likely to have it. but maybe, maybe the guy just likes the taste. this sets ralph off, as we know, he has lost a child himself. and he says that al cuoco nowhere to go, and that the authorities will arrive soon. the monster seems to be accepting of this, but, like he says, he needs to eat, and the pair could make a great Last Supper. Claude arrives with the shotgun and Hann staring at his mirror image. and he wants to get revenge for the death of his brother, despite being warned not to fire, he still does it anyway. I'll cuoco inhales, almost accepting of its fate. and this is because of the psychic link that it has with Claude. after the blast echoes throughout, the caber collapses, and they hide out, missing the worst of it. Halle stabs I'll could go through the chest, just to make sure it's dead. and this differs from the source material, as in that Holly hits the creature over the head with a happy slapper, which is the sock full of balls. she also used this weapon in the Stephen King story. mr. Mercedes, but as that hasn't been set up here, I can't see why they changed it slightly. in case you don't know, mr. Mercedes is actually TV show as well. and though the cast and creative team behind it are different. if you if you want a nice distraction whilst you wait for the second season of The Outsider, yeah, I definitely recommend checking it out. it's three seasons deep and also centers around Halle Gibney. so go check it out. after this, upon exiting the cave, ralph comes face to face with the specter of his dead son. and he goes back to hell cuoco to see it playing opossum. I'm gonna talk about whether this was actually Derek, or if it was just a vision by ilkook or later. but personally I think it was the latter. I'll cuoco, we'll just wait and know. ralph could bring people to see it, collect DNA samples and expose it to the world, it's for the best and no one ever knows that it existed. we see it change to Terry, who I only realized in this episode Holly doesn't know about, Tracy Powell and Maria. and it slowly begins to cycle back through the chain, showing who it framed. ralph smashes its head in with a rock, thus apparently killing it once and for all. you also see the green hoodie in the rubble at the creature war between transformations, showing that it could potentially have another plan after this. outside, Holly feels guilt over bringing Andy out there, but Ralph talks her out of it. we cut to the DA reviewing the footage of teryan Claude, and he gets a phone call from sob low sob Lowe tells him that there was a rogue shooter that was one of their own. and the DA immediately writes down Jack before he been hearing it was him. this shows that he will likely believe whatever he's told due to his prized suspicions. sob low tells him that Jack was the accomplice of the child killer that's been operating in the area, and says that though they gunned the format' down, the real threat got away. therefore, they will not really investigate the cave, but Terry's name will be cleared and the manhunt will remain at large, though we already know that justice has been served. Quadra hisses his story and remakes his statement on identifying Terry is being covered in blood. they line everything up and make sure that all bases are covered. Ralph says that he thought the whole thing would turn out to be BS, but it wasn't, which showcases his Auk throughout the season. while he breaks down over Andy, and it's one of the saddest moments in the series this fall, Ralph calls Jeanne to fill her in on the cover-up, and she visits glory, and the two agree to never mention ilkook. Oh. Jeanne triumphantly sets the chair alight the hell cuoco sat in. and though several lives were destroyed in the series, at least there was justice and closure for the families. the DA meets with glory, and as we guessed last week, he tells her that things have changed in the case and that Terry has been discarded as a suspect in the homicide. he will hold a press conference to announce that the charges are being dropped and that the investigation will remain ongoing. it's a big apology that finally spares Gloriana two daughters of the accusations that they would have faced in regards the case. Holly packs up her things and goes to leave, and Ralph tells her that he wouldn't mind teaming up with her again, should the right case pop up. she says that she believed in al cuoco because an outsider knows an outsider. now why this is interesting is because this entire series, we believe that al cuoco is the outsider. however, this cements that it is actually Holly which the tile was about. whilst I can see some disagreeing with that notion, especially my wife, who said, I'd be stupid if I put that in the video. I did wonder how they would continue the show after the death of L cuoco. it's because it was never really centered around that. rather, it focused on Holly learning of the beast and also the supernatural things that exist in the world that will open the door for further investigations. ralph asks what else is out there? and she shrugs, saying that she doesn't know. this is important, because almost every other question in the series Polly has had an answer for, whether its lines from movies that she hasn't seen, calm makes and models or the hit parade for the last 100 years, Holly knows it all. finally, she's found something she's in sure of, showing that there is so much more out there for her to learn. and she's actually traveling into unmarked territory. quad moves into the house, and he gets his funeral. and Holly lights candles and remembrance at Derek's grave. Ralph tells jeannie that he saw their son and that he said that he needed to let him go. no, Ralph believed that this was ELQ ago, and never actually took it as that for a number of reasons. firstly, our cuccos nightmares always came with torturous messages that tormented those who received them. juxtaposing this, Dericks was a hopeful one that counted this. al cuoco also fed on grief, whereas Derek told Ralph to free himself of this, which seemed like a positive thing for the character. the two now fully believe in the other side and that they will get to see this sin again one day. and they placed their roses on the stone. as they leave, we catch a glimpse of Frankie Peterson's grave, which started this whole thing off. the show ends, but it's not done yet. and it actually has a mid-credits scene that centers on Holly. she's clearly haunted by Jack, and he appears behind there for a brief second, showing that something is psychically out there tormenting her. she checks the back of a neck, but isn't affected, and therefore Ally, she's out the clear for that. after googling Frankie Peterson, she sees that Terry's name has been cleared. as she sits and listening to the radio, we can also see that there's a scratch on her home. now there's an awful lot to take from this scene. and firstly, the song on the radio is Washington Square. B cast your mind back to episode 8. Ralph told her that when his mother was dying, he ran to get her her favorite song in order to play it as she passed away. he didn't hear it anymore until his son was born. and though he said this entire thing was an anecdote, it did seem like the truth. the song that we hear at the end is Washington Square, which is also the song that Ralph heard. and now that we no longer believe in coincidences, this has been placed here for a reason, to show the importance in the moment. now, to me, the red scratch shows that al cuoco is intending on Holly becoming its next victim. though he appeared to die in the finale, we also saw that he's extremely difficult to kill. and if a knife through the heart, shotgun blasts and massive rock impaling him didn't finish him off, then I can't see a rock to the head either. we know that there's a strong sense of death in the cave and that there's a pile of murdered bodies outside of it, which could be providing fuel for the character. personally, I believe that once al cuoco dies, it does move into its more psychic, astral form that we also saw throughout the season. it could have allowed Ralph to leave the cave, but wondering if it was really dead. but instead, it showed him images of ghosts to make him return. this could be because it needed him to believe that he had finally killed it, so that he could lay low and then go out for more victims. as Holly knows who it is, she is very dangerous, and thus it will need to get her out of the way. so it could be framing her to take her out of the picture. all of those that knew about it covered up its demise, and thus it will be free to operate once more. it has already started filling her head with visions of Jack. and we know from core that likes to get inside its victim's head. so I can't see this being in habbaniyah for a second season. showrunner Richard price recently told indieWIRE that he was already working on a follow-up, and it's there. of HBO want one. if al cuoco is really dead, then, yeah, this Kurt was probably just caused in the cave-in. however, that doesn't mean that out of the woods completely. as we know from Alex story and the other victim that was shown to the DA, there exists more than just out cuoco. and I think going forward, Holly and Ralph will be seeing one another a lot sooner than they think. overall, there are a lot of avenues to take it. but personally, I think of cuoco itself may be returning. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on episode 10, and what you've thought this season overall. comment below and let me know. and I just want to say thank you for sticking with me through the series. I've had a blast breaking this down, and I hope you've enjoyed watching the videos as much as I've had making them. it's been great chatting with you in the comments, and thank you for all of the support. you enjoyed the video, then please drop a thumbs up. and if you missed any of the episodes that make sure you check them out in the playlist at the end. we're going to be covering Westworld as of next week, so hopefully you want to stick around for that too, as i've got a feeling it's gonna be something special. you want to support the challenge get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on our discord server or a definition whitey on Twitter. every month on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to being with a chance of winning infinitely, sagar box says it's leave a like and subscribe with notifications on this that will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. and best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 