in the five years since king stefan's death, n1, aurora has reigned as queen of the moors, with maleficent as its guardian and protector. despite her service, the neighboring kingdom of ulstead, home to prince philip, deems maleficent a villainous and while philip's father, king john, wishes for peace, his mother, queen ingrith, has been secretly preparing for war. in the hidden areas of the castle, workers make weapons and ammunition out of iron, deadly to all fairies. diaval, maleficent's raven and confidante, overhears philip proposing to aurora and tells maleficent, while she advises against the union, aurora vows to prove her wrong. philips parents host an intimate dinner, having invited aurora, maleficent and diaval. maleficent maintains her composure as ingrath taunts her throughout the evening by repeating the inaccurate story that has made the humans believe her to be evil. the story of maleficent's sleeping curse on aurora is only half the truth, because no one has ever been told the whole truth about her loving aurora and sacrificing herself to lift the curse. ingrath alludes to stefan's death as murder and openly claims maleficent killed two human fairy poachers last seen near the moors. maleficent responds with equal iciness that humans have been kidnapping fairies, and hints that she believes the order to do it comes from the king or queen. ingrath provokes maleficent by dismissing her maternal bond with aurora and claims that the marriage will make ingrath her real mother, to which maleficent reacts by angrily unleashing a burst of magical energy. john suddenly faints, and ingrith accuses maleficent of cursing him, which maleficent denies to a disbelieving aurora. maleficent is prompted to flee without aurora by the arrival of armed guards. philip urges his mother to try and awaken john with a kiss ingrith demurs, and her weak attempt fails because she does not love her husband, especially for their differing views on peace and war. as maleficent flees the castle, ingratha's right-hand woman girda shoots maleficent with an iron bullet. wounded, maleficent falls into the ocean, only to be rescued by a mysterious winged creature. she awakens in a cavern where fairies like herself have been in hiding. among them is konal, their peaceful leader who saved maleficent, and borah, a warlike fairy who favors open conflict with humans who killed the poachers near the moors. maleficent is among the last creatures known as the dark fae, powerful fairies forced into hiding and nearly driven extinct by human oppression. she is also the last descendant from the phoenix, an ancient and powerful dark fae ancestor. she needs to pass through certain stages in order to harbor her full potential. when she brought up a human, she cleared the initial stages, and conall insists on forgiving aurora in order to gain her final phoenix stage. but maleficent disagrees. because maleficent's magic is so powerful, konal and bora believe she is instrumental in ending the conflict with humans, either by peace or war. meanwhile, the magical denizens of the moors are invited to the royal wedding, but aurora grows disillusioned with being an ulstead noble woman. later, some humans enter the moors to gather flowers to use as weapons against the fae. sensing this, maleficent and the dark fae go to the moors to protect the flowers, but they are ambushed and conall is killed, prompting borah to declare war on the humans. aurora discovers that ingrath cursed jon using maleficent's old cursed spindle. as she hates all more fairy folk, she confronts ingrith, who reveals that she bitterly resents the moore's prosperity during a time when her kingdom suffered, and also blames them for her brother's death. she plots to eradicate all fairies and woodland beings using the iron weapons as well as a lethal crimson powder developed by licksbettel, a dewink pixie. when the more folk arrive, they are trapped inside the castle chapel at ingratha's command. gerta unleashes the deadly crimson powder by playing the chapel's organ. the fairy flittle selflessly sacrifices herself to save everyone. as a last resort, by clogging the organ, rendering it unplayable. while her friend's not, grass and thistle, it cause gerta to fall to her death. the dark fae launch an assault on ulstead, but the palace soldiers begin massacring them, until maleficent, channeling her phoenix power, joins the battle. she nearly kills ingrith, but aurora appeals to maleficent's humanity to spare her and declares that maleficent is her only mother. with maleficent distracted, ingrath fires her crossbow. maleficent saves aurora, but is struck by the arrow, dissolving into ashes. devastated, aurora grieves for maleficent. but after aurora's tears fall on the ashes, a revived maleficent attains her phoenix stage. horrified and infuriated, ingra throws aurora off the tower to kill her, prompting maleficent to rescue her. again, philip forges peace between the fairies and humans, and the ulstead soldiers stand down. maleficent reverts to her fairy form and finally gives aurora and philip her blessing, realizing they belong together, lickspittle decides to stop following ingratha's orders and gives maleficent the spindle used to curse john and previously aurora. maleficent destroys the spindle and its curse, awakening jon from his slumber. as she flees ingrith is stopped and captured by borah and the other dark fae. as punishment for her crimes, she is transformed into a goat by maleficent until she can accept the peace between the two people. after aurora and philip marry, maleficent returns to the moors with the other dark fae, teaching the young fairies to fly. she promises to return for aurora and philip's future child's christening. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music], you 