[Music] after life, by Ricky Gervais, has just dropped on Netflix, and it's arguably one of the densest and most emotional comedies that the creator has ever written. the show deals with a lot in its six Episode run, and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down some of the biggest takeaways from the series, including my own personal thoughts on it. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you don't want to know anything about afterlife, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. but with that out of the way, i'm definition, welcome to the channel, and let's dive into my spoiler review of after life. after life follows tony, played by ricky gervais, who has recently lost his wife, and in doing so, also lost his meaningful living. similar to Gervase in real life, Tony is an atheist who really seems to struggle with just how cruel and unfair that life can be. at certain times, the character is brutal to those around him, suicidal, and also completely unwilling to accept health. as he States the one thing that would make him happy, which is the return of his wife, is completely impossible. this is a man who is really at rock-bottom. and the season deals with him coming to grips with the fact that life does have its redeeming qualities. Tony works for a paper and deals with their ridiculous stories, such as a local baby that looks like Adolf Hitler, a damp stain that looks like Kenneth Branagh, and a boy who can play two recorders through his nostrils. it's on these journeys that Tony, after hearing the life stories of those he is mocking, comes to realize that he hasn't been singled out. everyone in their life has been dull a bad hand and has had to recover from it, which begins to inspire him. by the end of the series, Tony comes to realize that in loss, there is also the opportunity to regain and grow. though the people he encounters, too had to deal with their own tragedies, they managed to learn from it, accept it and treasure the precious memories that they have left. Tony accepts that though he doesn't believe in an afterlife, that doesn't mean that life is pointless. he states, we should appreciate what we have, as we never know when it's going to be taken away one day you will hug the purse love for the last time and not even know it. this adds value to every moment. and Tony regains his appreciation for the world around him and all its magnificence. but me, the most touching moment in the piece comes from when Tony visits his father in the final episode. and know he has severe dementia, his father recognizes his son, and one of their happiest memories together comes back on the surface. the story of Tony painting the wall in their house would be perhaps a negative one. however, the to look back on it fondly and smile, which to me, sums up the message of the show. even things we think are bad come to have their own beauty and magic to them that we will one day look back upon fondly because it made up our lives. by the end, Andi learns that the trick to a happy life is to find who is nice and who isn't, and spend the precious time that we do have with the former. this is symbolized by him cutting out his therapist and instead turning to his brother Matt for consolation, realizing that the two will have more of a connection and will be able to heal each other, rather than relying on an outsider. matt has a failing marriage, and inspired by Tony, he decides to work on it and repair his life. to me, Matt is the true winner here, as he manages to succeed in keeping Tony alive long enough to realize that he doesn't want to kill himself. Tony confesses how much that he loves the people around him and that he can't live without them. and know he deals with loss, he also accepts it. Tony finally asks out his father's nurse, and they to begin a new life together, happy at what they have and what it could lead to. after life is about learning to love again after loss. whilst this could primarily be thought of as just Tony re-engaging in a relationship, it also has to do with the love of life, the world and the people in it. it's a truly powerful message, and the piece works as an excellent mental health case study that showcases that though we will all face tragedy, that too has its own beauty, and that the meaning of life. [Music]. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on afterlife, and if you enjoyed it, make sure you leave your review in the comments below, and let me know if you took anything different from the show, as I'd love to read it. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of this weekend's other big release, Captain Marvel, which will be linked after this video. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 