story recapped here. today, i'm going to show a 2020 sci-fi thriller film called the invisible man. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. cecilia, or c for short, gets up from bed and checks on his husband, adrian. she has drugged him and is planning to escape. sneaking her way through adrian's mansion, she heads to adrian's high-tech laboratory and disables the cctv and the house's alarm system. she quietly heads to the garage, seeing zeus, adrian's dog, and decides to set him free as well. a car alarm gets tripped and adrian is awaken see sprints for the walls across adrian's yard and climbs out as fast as she can, disappearing into the woods sea. arrives at a lonely road, expecting her sister amelia. as she gets into amelia's car, she drops the medication bottle she used on adrian. amelia asks see what's wrong, but before c could explain, adrian appears out of the woods and smashes the car windows, demanding cedar return. amelia floors it in the sister's escape. two weeks pass and she is staying with her friend james. c is still traumatized by her escape, and is in fear of leaving the house, even barely being able to make it to the driveway. she is on guard all the time, feeling that someone or something is watching her. amelia arrives at james house, and c is immediately uncomfortable. she didn't want amelia to come to her location because adrian might follow amelia. but emilia tells her there's nothing to worry about, as adrian has died. emilia shows see a news article about adrian, a wealthy entrepreneur at the head of the field of optics technology, committing suicide. c explains to amelia and james that adrian's suicide makes no sense, as he was a man of control, saying adrian had control of almost every aspect of sea's life. she added that adrian abused him physically and mentally, and said that he also wanted a baby. she knew she had to leave before that, or else she'd never be free of him. she only prevented it by taking birth control pills secretly. later that day, c receives a letter summoning her to meet up with adrian's lawyer, and brother. amelia accompanies c, and they meet with tom, adrian's brother and appointed attorney. tom tells c that audience final wishes are to give c4 million dollars. c returns to james and celebrates, even pledging to pay for james daughter, sydney, schooling. the following day, they notice strange occurrences, namely, the stove making its flames bigger and unlocked doors. this blows over when sea feels a presence in a room with her and sees outlines of footprints standing on a blanket. she also finds the medication bottle she used on adrien, which she lost on the night of her escape. and this convinces her that adrian is still alive and has somehow invented invisibility. she goes to tom and tells him about what's been happening with her. tom explains to see that he too despises adrian. he points out that he had to live with adrian long before he met c. he reassures c by showing her a picture of adrian's bloody corpse. later that night, sydney tries to cheer c up by offering to have girls night, when something hits her and she falls to the ground, not seeing what happened. sydney blames c, but c denies it, telling her and james that it was adrian. james and sydney don't believe her and leave. c is left alone at the house, and she taunts adrian. c takes a knife and spreads coffee ground on the floor, awaiting adrian, but nothing happens. she then dials adrian's phone and hears ringing coming from the attic. climbing into the attic, she dials once again and finds adrian's phone with a knife. noticing something peculiar, she takes a bucket of paint, splashes it on the attic ladder and comes face to face with a ghostly silhouette covered in white paint. she reels, and the figure disappears to the kitchen. sea follows and sees that it has washed off the paint. grabbing a knife, she prepares to fight, but is immediately overpowered and gets thrown around by an invisible entity. sea escapes to the road, takes a car and heads to adrian's house. c gets to adrian's house and heads to the laboratory, finding adrian's prototype invisibility suit, confirming her suspicions. sea gets spooked and flees to the bedroom. she tries to hide in the closet, but sees footprints on the carpet and runs, escaping successfully. see meets up with emilia at a restaurant. begins to explain what she found at adrian's house, but a knife suddenly slashes amelia's throat and lands on c's hand, making it look as if c had slashed her sister's throat. see is taken away by the police as emilia dies on the table. she is taken to a mental treatment facility and is sedated, all the while screaming and shouting at a non-visible adrian. later on, c finds herself in disbelief when she's told she's pregnant, confused and frozen in shock. see stares into nothing in her small cell as the doctor who brought the message leaves. james, who's also a detective, interviews c to help her, but out loses hope when she tells them that adrian is present in the room with them, they just can't see him. james believes that c has gone delusional and is slowly losing her mind. she also gets a visit from tom, who informs her that the four million dollars will be withdrawn as she's now being charged with murder. in a twist of circumstances, tom tells c that she has the choice to withdraw the money or to have the baby and return to adrian. confirming that adrian was indeed still alive, tom tells her that adrian knew the whole time she was trying to use birth control and had switched it out. but now knowing that she is pregnant, adrian is willing to stop the madness, so long as sea agrees to start a new life together. c refuses, and sweeps tom's things off the table. with tom looking away, she takes one of his pens and hides it. sea is taken back to her cell, and that night, she takes tom's pan and stabs her wrist, saying out loud that adrian will never get her nor the baby. just as c slashes down her wrist, something grabs her arm, and she grabs back, exclaiming that she got adrian. she takes her chance and stabs adrian several times, making the suit glitch. with the suit now malfunctioning, sea can clearly see the invisible man. they struggle, but an officer enters c cell, surprised by what he's seeing. the officer is quickly disabled by adrian and c bolts out the open door. more officers respond, but adrian makes quick work of them. as the suit starts working again. adrian beats several officers, overpowers one and takes his gun and even kills some of them. adrian tries to flee, but c takes a gun and goes after him. a cat in vous chase ensues, and they end up in the parking lot. adrian gains the upper hand, pins down, sea threatens to kill sydney and takes off, determined to protect sydney. sea steals a car and tries to get to james house. a sleeping sydney is awakened by strange sounds and pulls out her pepper spray. she randomly sprays it, luckily disabling adrian. she tries to run, but is quickly overpowered. james arrives and tries to fight off the invisible man, but gets quickly taken down and gets beaten to the point of unconsciousness. c arrives with a fire extinguisher and douses adrian, making him visible. she then takes james gunn and shoots several times. the invisible man falls, and sea takes off his mask, surprise to see that it's actually tom underneath the suit. the next morning, a tactical team enters adrian's house and finds adrian tied up in the basement. it seems to appear that tom has masterminded everything, and adrian and c are the victims. c doesn't buy it, and still believes that somehow adrian is behind everything. james tries to reassure her that everything will be all right, but she believes that nothing will be all right as long as adrian is still alive. see later meets with adrian for dinner in his house and tells him that if he wanted to be part of the child's life, that he should tell the truth, and that he should admit to everything he's done. c begs him to admit to it, but he remains adamant that it was all tom. little did adrian know that james was actually listening through a wire and watching through a cctv feed. adrian says something, and see immediately recognizes it is something the invisible man had said earlier. she excuses herself to the bathroom, sobbing. adrian is left alone at the dining table when he suddenly raises his knife and cuts his own throat. he starts bleeding and choking on his own blood. sea returns to see adrian bleeding to death, and james sees this and runs out to help. c is hysterical seeing adrian and dials 9-1-1. but as soon as she's out of the cctv's view, she stops crying and maintains a cold look. she stares at adrien, watching him die. c runs into james outside, and james spots the invisibility suit and sees bag. he then asks if she had any intentions at all to make him admit the truth on tape, and c answers yes, but reasons out that adrian was unstable. c then asks what james heard on the cctv. james and c share a look of understanding, and james answers that it sounded like adrian killed himself. subscribe to watch more videos like this. turn on notifications and leave a like. it really helps the channel out. thank you for watching. 