[Music]. welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna look at the highly regarded, but lightly promoted, yeah, horror adjacent, sci-fi ish film freaks, released in 2019. let's get to it. we open in room where young chloe is gazing out a hole in the window, longing for a snow cone and admiring some stagnant birds. she's pulled away by her father, Henry, with a warning not to be seen, lest she wants the bad guys to get hurt. we then get a sequence of scenes that show Henry trying hard to present a normal childhood experience for her, while also training her up with survivalist skills. she's drilled on a fake backstory she's to use if daddy ever leaves and fails to come home. this is all an attempt to help Chloe pass as normal. then dad has a nice blood cry before evening meditations. the next day, we see a more active outside world than we'd expect. Chloe sees her neighbor, Harper, patronizing the ice cream truck that seems to be permanently stationed outside her home. and Chloe wishes her to bring some ice cream, until her self actualization of the outside world is successful, albeit sticky. this leads to a rather awkward and confusing interaction between our residents and their neighbors, indicating a much less apocalyptic outside world that it would seem from inside the house. that evening, we learn how Harper knew who Chloe was, as this interaction we see in Chloe's closet is actually happening for Harper in her bedroom. Chloe compels Harper to roleplay as her dead mother. man. instead of setting her for an ice bath, she uses her to get proxy permission to go outside. she mentions this to her dad, who promises her a bucket of ice cream if she just stays inside. unfortunately, he returns from his errands sweaty, bleeding and requiring the application of some frontier medicine. he's brought home only the essentials, no ice cream. so when he passes out and we see the house come alive in unexpected ways, Chloe applies all of her skills and learnings toward hitting up the ice cream truck. she gives up the ruse almost immediately and hops in the truck after the simple promise of the trip to the park, confirming that no matter how hard you try, your kids will always roll on you in exchange for creature comforts. on the way there, we get a little more info about the dynamics of the outside world. and then as her snow cone, who we come to know as Alan, tries his best to piss off Chloe to see what she does. then we add some more layers when he talks about a mountain where Chloe's mom was taken and is presumably still alive. however, the police show up, and the interaction is not favorable to Alan. the officer attempts to check some eyeballs, but Chloe wishes him away, and he come. on the way home, we learned that Alan is Khloe's grandfather and wants to utilize her to help get her mom back from her mountain prison. he also provides the key information that she can only leave her father's protection when he's sleeping. Henry wakes up to find the consequences of not springing for a damn ice cream cone to be incredibly severe. as Chloe now hates him and wishes him dead. while he's sleeping, she takes in some news, learning more about freaks. but the outside world thinks of them and the consequences of being found, none of which is good. upstairs, she revisits an occasional hallucination she has of a ghost lady who lives in her closet. only now she's able to recognize this woman as her mother. she still assumes her dead. but Mary reveals that she's not dead, she's just locked up in a prison. and Chloe is creating a psychic apparition, like she did with Harper. but she expects to be dead soon, which is fine, because she'll live on in Chloe's heart. distraught by the thought of losing an opportunity to have a mom, she wills her dad to sleep, resulting in her first weeping wound, and walks out the door. Alan scoops her up and continues providing practical information about surviving in the outside world, immediately employing her for his plan. her only role is to keep her mouth shut while in disguise. Alan approaches agent rave a high-ranking official keen on getting her greasy hands on an abnormal child to bring up as a weapon. Alan tries to explain how Chloe came into his care, offering her to the mountain under the condition he can go with her to make sure she's okay. but Chloe unravels the plan by resisting the narrative, the basic rules of improv not being part of her survival skill toolbox. they get either by creating a distraction, which also demonstrates the inherent danger for Chloe. Alan's powers are also revealed as he takes her home. Henry confronts them, revealing that he's able to create time bubbles, which really makes it seem they have a combined skill set ideal for a rescue operation. however, since Henry realizes their current state is unsustainable, he proactively delivers her to the neighbors across the street. they have a pre-arranged agreement to watch her in exchange for a monthly stipend of a stack of money, but they were mostly looking for a quick cash out, and are disturbed by her genuine emotional needs and powers of manipulation, resulting in them quickly finding themselves unwilling to take her on. so they returned home. and when Chloe wakes up later, we learned that Henry didn't know his wife was still alive due to sequestering himself for so long in a time bubble. the seven years Chloe has spent growing in the house represent just a few months in the outside world. they try to figure out a plan, and are forced to take action when they see Nancy has contacted the authorities. extermination imminent. Chloe takes a page from Papas book, which takes them a little deeper. she then brings him all into a vision of that they are helpless to influence the Khloe's not so she does. and it's only a moderately surreal experience. gross and she helps her work her way through the facility, learning that mary needs space to utilize her powers, requiring her to get topside. agent ray then shows up at their house, and Henry uses a time bubble to get cleaned up. he claims that he's the recent owner of the house and is planning on flipping it. unfortunately, his story falls apart. has raised two adept at identifying the tell-tale signs of a freaking hiding. she has come to acquire Chloe and offers him some brutal honesty, who helped you kill them? but hopes will make the sacrifice rather than prompting them to use the Hellfire drone to wipe his house off the map. however, when an alarm goes off at the mountain facility. it alerts agent Ray, who recognizes that Chloe has already been spoiled as a candidate for her program. so she goes scorched earth, slipping a bullet into Henry's time bubble, and then attempts to eliminate Chloe. she's stopped by Allen, and then, more directly, by Chloe herself. Henry buys some time for Chloe as she uses her last strength again, mommy outside where she pops off. and then Henry uses his last bit of strength to slow things down enough for them to get out. Mary arrives as the cleanup crew closes in, and she turns them into a pink mist as they fly away. they're resolved to live out loud with her powers, prepared to stop anyone who threatens them. and that was freaks, a good movie that seems to get algorithmically suggested with other new horror movies, likely due to its title. so let's not pretend we got spooked out and move on. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 