[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a science fiction film, 12 monkeys. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. a deadly unknown virus has quickly spread all over the world, killing more than five billion people and forcing survivors to live underground. james is a prisoner living in an underground compound beneath philadelphia. he witnessed a gunshot in the airport when he was little. the police shot dead a man in a tiger patterned shirt, and the woman with blonde hair beside him was crying her eyes out. this scene has haunted james continuously in his dreams, but he cannot figure out why. then james is roused up by the authorities who need him to collect the living things on the surface for scientific study. it's revealed that all the creatures on the surface have been infected, so he needs to be armed to the teeth to protect himself from the deadly virus. he comes out to the city on the surface through a manhole, where everything seems normal, except that there is no human being, but many wild animals. he collects some insects and finds a board on which draws the 12 monkeys he has excellently completed the mission. after his return to the underground, the scientists decide to give him another task in exchange for a reduced sentence. what he has to do is to travel back to 1996 and to find the original virus so that the scientists could develop vaccines. unfortunately, due to the transport failure, james is sent back to 1990, not 1996, as planned. the police find him wandering around almost naked and screaming about the virus and the end of the world. so they send him to jail, believing that he is a psycho. the psychiatrist catherine visits him in the jail, but only finds james has been tortured like a [ __ ]. as much as catherine wants to help him, she cannot understand a single word. james tells her, there is nothing she can do but to treat him as a psycho too and send him to a mental hospital. at the hospital, james encounters a ward mate called jeffrey, whom james asks if he can make a phone call. jeffrey tells him he has to get the doctor's approval, while believing that if all the nuts are allowed to make telephone calls, the insanity would be spread by oozing through telephone cables and infect all the other normal people. he also tells james, if he wants to watch a particular program, he has to tell the charge nurse before the show is on, as there are always people requesting shows that have already been played. jeffrey shouts out loud that there are always people who want to turn back time, but in fact, none of them can do it, and they are all nuts. what jeffrey says makes james kinda confused. he begins to doubt whether what he has been through is only a dream or his hallucination, and there is no such thing as time reversal. however, the priority task he has to do now is to get himself out of a god damned hospital. he tries to persuade the doctors to let him make a phone call, firmly believing he can prove his identity by making the call. however, when he gets through the phone, the person who answers it is only an ordinary housewife, not the scientists. it turns out to be that the number was not used by the scientists back then in 1990. the next day, as the tv shows, those rabbits and monkeys being tortured for experiments. jeffrey says that people are just like monkeys, while james bursts out that maybe the human race deserves to be wiped out. jeffrey is very excited by james words, thinking it's a great idea. so he tries to help james get out of the hospital, despite that the meds james takes every day make him extremely weak. at last, he gets caught by the hospital's guards. he is then given an overdose of sedate and is fully restrained to the bed in a cell. but to everyone's surprise, james just disappears from such a closed room. it turns out to be that the scientists have transported him back to 2035. this time, his travel doesn't bring back any useful information due to the wrong year he's been sent. the scientists showed james a group of photos of numerous people suspected of being members of the 12 monkeys organization. james is surprised to find that jeffrey is among those people. therefore, in order to figure that out and to help people reclaim the surface of earth, he decides to make another time travel to find all the answers. this time, however, he has been transported to the time during the second world war. he shows up at a battlefield totally naked and unguarded, and gets a shot in his leg during the chaos. but fortunately, he is then transported to sometime in the right year 1996, when catherine is giving a lecture on many unbelievable prophecies collected during the second world war. in fact, she became obsessed with research on supernatural incidents after witnessing james unaccountable disappearance in 1990. she even shows her interest in one special case, where a naked soldier showed up out of nowhere on the battlefield, claiming that he's in search of an original virus that would nearly kill the human race in the future. year 1996. after the lecture, fan expresses his opinion that the human race is the root of all evils, the rape of the environment, the production of various kinds of chemical weapons and many other uncontrolled human activities. however, as there are so many people waiting, catherine doesn't think much about what the guy says. when catherine is preparing to go back home after that, she is horrified by a man in her car, who turns out to be james. catherine immediately recognizes him, who unbelievably escaped from a closed cell. james forces her to drive him to philadelphia, where he is going to continue with his investigation of the 12 monkeys at the hotel. james has the same dream again about being at the airport. when he wakes up, he suddenly realizes that the blonde woman appearing continuously in his dream is catherine. he doesn't know why this happens. on the way to philadelphia, the car radio is reporting a boy fell into a dry well. surprisingly, james says he had heard about this news when he was a little boy. he then says that the boy is actually not in the dry well, but hiding in a barn. catherine doesn't take his word seriously, as he always has these crazy words. after getting to philadelphia, james does find the marks of the twelve monkeys organization. he also finds out that his ward mate, jeffrey, is involved with the organization, and his father is a well-known nobel prize-winning biologist. james decides to find jeffrey and straighten all these out. catherine notices the gunshot in james's leg and insists he should treat it first. however, the next second after catherine taking out of the bullet and carrying his wound, he knocks her out and locks her in the trunk. james gets into jeffrey's house where his father is giving a major address about his newly discovered virus. after talking with jeffrey, james learns that jeffrey is trying to steal the virus from his father, and that he is going to set free the animals and banish the whole human race. realizing that all jeffrey's crazy plans originate from his unintentional words at the mental institution, james wants to stop jeffrey, but to no avail. he runs back to the forest and gets catherine out of the trunk. catherine tells him again that he has created all these in his mind, and nobody is gonna die. james, however, believes that everything is real as hell. right then, the police are already there chasing after james, and catherine is still trying to persuade him to surrender to the police, but soon astonished to find james disappeared. again. when she turns around the next day, she's shocked by the news that the boy was found hiding in the barn, as james said before, james is now back in 2035. he gets a full pardon as he has found out the secret of the 12 monkeys organization. however, the dark underground life makes him begin to wish that these are all his delusions. he desires to live on the surface, under the blue sky, and, most importantly, to find his hormone partner, catherine. therefore, he volunteers to travel back to the past again. while in the past world, catherine now starts to believe that james is from the future, as she cannot explain how james knew the boy was hiding in the barn and the world war ii bullet found in his leg. she then calls to warn the famous virologist of his son, who might go to steal the virus. he takes catherine's advice and asked his assistant to upgrade the security system. surprisingly, the assistant turns out to be the man who told his thoughts to catherine on the book signing. later, catherine meets james again on the street, who has just traveled back. this time, the two's attitudes have completely switched. james insists that he is mentally ill, and that he needs her help because he really wants to stay in the past world with fresh air and blue sky, and turn her to be his hormone partner as well. while catherine now thinks everything might be true and that there might be billions of people dying, she then thinks out a way to test whether it is true or not, which is to call the number james called six years ago after his first transportation, to see if it gets through to the scientists. if it does, then the end of the world will come. but if someone else answers it, then everything is just a delusion. catherine is very excited after making the phone call. as it is just a carpet cleaning company on the other end of the phone, she thinks the phone call she has with the virologist has changed the history. however, when catherine talks about the voice message she leaves, james repeats exactly the same it turns out to be that this phone call has been intercepted by the scientists in the future, and they have played it to james and haven't recited it already. by now, the two completely lose hope. as they know the virus outbreak can't be avoided. so they decide to enjoy the last few weeks of hormone time together. they buy some clothes and accessories at the shopping mall and do a simple makeup later in the cinema, it occurs to catherine that james has never been to the beach before, so she decides to take him to florida to see the beautiful sea. but the images of them wearing makeups make james feel kinda uneasy, as they look exactly the same as the blonde woman and the man in his dreams. on their way to the airport, the taxi driver tells them that they may not be able to catch the plane due to the heavy traffic caused by the wandering animals in the downtown area, which are released from the zoos by the 12 monkeys organization. seeing that, catherine feels very happy as she gets to know this is the secret plan of that organization, which turns out to have nothing to do with the virus, so there will be no end of the world at all. while at the airport, james is anxious to find that it's exactly the same place where the shooting happened in his dreams. when catherine is checking in for them, james leaves a message telling the scientists that following the 12 monkeys organization is the wrong track and that he will not return to the future. however, the phone is being monitored by the police, so the police immediately locate james. at the same time, catherine meets a guy who looks very familiar when buying the tickets. then she finds out that the guy is the assistant the virologist. until now, catherine recognizes the guy who is exactly the apocalypse nut, spreading his hate for uncontrollable human activities at her book signing. suspecting that the guy might be the one who'll steal and spread the virus, catherine rushes back to tell james about that. james forces his way through the security checkpoint and draws his handgun, trying to shoot the man. however, before he does it, he is shot down by the coming police. this scene is witnessed by a little boy who is actually the young james. it seems that everything is destined and no one can make any changes to it. in the final scene, the man successfully boards the plane with a suitcase full of the virus. he meets a woman sitting next to him who is one of the scientists from the future. she tells him that she's in insurance, seemingly indicating that she is the last one on the mission to ensure they can stop the man and save the world, eventually. this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. 