welcome to screen crush. my name is ryan airy. got you it is? i heavy spoilers, god of mischief and tricks. and in this video, we're going to be breaking down the newest episode of loki. episode 3 has us at the halfway point of the season, and it's packed with easter eggs, hidden details and things that you might miss. however, we are here to recap the entire thing from top to bottom, and in this review we'll be pointing out all the low key details. now last week, we came face to face with the mysterious hooded figure that had been terrorizing the tva. though this was simply thought to be lady loki, eagle-eyed viewers spotted some clues in the episode that showed she might be someone else. the international credits revealed that her name was sylvie, and this was confirmed by her file in the episode. sylvie is a blonde hair marvel universe character that was born in oklahoma, and she was actually given powers by loki. now i will be discussing this theory later on in the video, and how she might just be an amalgamation. but with her clearly pulling from lady loki, i thought we'd discuss her main arc in the comics. and then later on in the video we can branch off into the speculation. as always, time codes will be linked below, so if you want to skip straight to the recap, then use the power of your favorite green paperweight to jump ahead. now, over the years, the god of mischief has taken on her form at several points, but there was one major story in which he actually became her for quite a prolonged period. lady loki is based on the trickster's ability to shapeshift, and actually pulls from nordic legend, namely, the times that he would visit earth and appear as an elderly woman. in the comics, ragnarok was a big event that pretty much birthed the introduction of her as a character. and after asgard was destroyed, thor thought his people might have been too. however, he discussed things with his alter ego, donald blake, and realized that the souls of the asgardians had been displaced and that they were actually inhabiting new bodies. thor found heimdall, and with his power to view everything in the universe, he managed to track down the rest of the asgardians. now it was thought that he had managed to find sif. however, upon arriving at a prison, he realized that loki had actually taken over her body. lady loki said that the rebirth was a second chance to do things over. and she said she would be a force for good instead of evil. now this was a time in which secret invasion had meant the government was reshuffling all the powers that be. and tony stark was removed from his position as a director of shield norman osborne was put in his place. and it's strange, because they couldn't trust tony because he might be evil. but they replaced him with norman osborn. anyway, osborne started to assemble his own team called the cabal. and this was made up of several supervillains, including lady loki, emma frost neymar dr doom. in the hood. lady loki started working with doom to resurrect the enemies of asgard. and she also went back in time to when boar, the father of odin, was frozen in ice. loki actually changed events slightly so that she could resurrect him in the future. and she placed a spell on him to make it so that he viewed everyone as an enemy. he went on a wild rampage, and thor ended up killing him. however, he was technically the king of asgard because he was on the throne during his apparent death. and thus thor had just murdered the king. this meant that, by asgardian law, he was banished. and loki eventually ended up becoming the ruler sif was given the body he had taken over, and he returned to his normal form. this ended in all out war, and loki did end up dying once more. but as we've seen, he's come back multiple times. and he was actually reincarnated into the body of a parisian pickpocket. interestingly, this version of lady loki has one horn missing, which is similar the one that appeared in loki, agent of asgard. in that book, the god of mischief was given a second chance in a younger body, and he became a force for good that ended up attempting to right the wrongs of his past. now, before the breakdown, i also want to draw attention to the time stone that loki nabbed all the way back in episode 1. and we'll talk about how this could come into play later on in the video. now, the episode itself is called lamentis, which means to lament, groan or weep in latin. however, beyond that, in the comics, it's a purple planet that we end up spending a lot of time on in this episode. now, we open with the song demons by hayley kayoko, because, well, we're dealing with horned gods. they also encounter a woman who calls them devils. and devil imagery has, of course, been laced throughout the show. from here we jump to sachalane c20 and sylvie getting their drinks on, discussing brain freeze. hilariously, sylvie doesn't suffer from this, as we know. loki is, of course, a frost giant, and therefore wouldn't feel the cold. throughout our breakdowns, we've discussed how there may be other characters making cameos as slight variants. and in episode 1, it was, of course, peggy carter. episode 2 had agatha. and shout out to christopher godins on twitter for pointing out that we might get what could be a cameo of ralph bona. i mean, i mean, quicksilver, definitely quicksilver. reality warps around them. as we see sylvie attempting to get to the bottom of how many people are guarding the timekeepers. turns out this entire scenario is a psychic projection, which is actually another power that the enchantress has. now cut to the title screen and shouts patrick currier for pointing out that this is actually an effect that you get when you photocopy something over and over again. this is known as generation loss. and over time, if you keep copying something, the quality of it diminishes. obviously, this speaks to the amount of variant loki's that there are running around. and at one point in the entry, loki even refers to sylvie as a failed photocopy. from here, selfie travels to the tva headquarters, but she's surprised to learn that her powers don't work anymore, meaning that she likely hasn't been there before, or if she has, she wasn't in a position to use them. now this power set is of course, very similar to wonder, who is, of course, able to alter people's minds and create fake realities. we saw her pulling off a similar move in age of ultron. and this is clearly the skill set of a witch. loki asks her if she's sure she's a loki. and she says not to call her that. and at one point, he even utters the line and chant me. which now she says that she's now going under the alias of sylvie. but as we know, these are characters that like to lie a lot, so i think there might be some surprises, as we're still only at the halfway point of the season. i think if we're just taking things at face value, then she's likely just a combination of the characters. however, it is worth bearing in mind that her powers are similar to enchantress. no, not that one. it's never been that one. now, after rent slayer shows up, they escaped to the planet lamentis 1 in the year 2077, which is in the midst of its own apocalypse. the purple giant is currently about to crash into a moon, and this event leads to there being absolutely no survivors. though it initially seems to be like the worst possible scenario they could be in, it actually allows for them to get to know each other whilst they try and power up the temp pad. after investigating the area, they find a woman living with a shock rifle. and did anyone else get get a bit of a tear in their eye when loki pretended to be her husband. patrice, i miss you so much. patrice, just miss you. oh, it's not really him, is it? now they're directed to an evacuation vessel, and we can see that the upper class members of society are being pushed onto this arc first, whilst the poorer people are forced to queue up. arcs, of course, come from the bible and are typically referred to as ships or boats that offer sanctuary in the midst of an apocalypse. loki disguises himself as a god, and using sylvie's powers, they're able to sneak aboard the train, which gave me a lot of snow pierce of vibes. it very much exemplified how the upper elite would step on the poor in order to push themselves up, but how they didn't actually value them or see them as being worthy members of society. the train itself was referred to as an arc, and it is possible that this series is giving a nod to both that comic tv show and movie. now, the pair have a really great back and forth on screen, and if they weren't the same person, i actually wouldn't mind seeing them hook up. let's be honest, though, if there's any person in the universe that would go out with himself, it would probably be loki. now he discusses his past, namely his mother, and also how he was adopted, which is, of course, a big catchphrase for the character that has appeared in several films, including the avengers thor ragnarok, and also infinity war. loki talks about how his mother used to turn a flower into a frog, a magic trick that could be a nod to when loki turned his brother into one in the comics. the pair sort of interview one another, which might sound like weird phrasing, but there's a reason why i've used it, now, before we get into the rest of the video, i just want to let you know i've done a big interview with real rejects discussing all the ins and outs of youtube, what goes on behind the scenes, and the highs and lows of watching 25 hours of tv a day. it'll be linked in the description below, so definitely go and check it out after this. and also, i was on holiday in the lovely yorkshire dales for the week, but the internet was so crap. i had to come back home to do this video, so i'd massively appreciate the thumbs up. with mediocre breakdowns comes great responsibility. and it would mean a lot to me, as i do this full-time and kind of rely on it as a job. so much. appreciated all your support there. cheers. now, back to the show. and sylvie says she had a wildly different childhood to loki. and says that she knew she was adopted, potentially because she was old enough to understand what was going on. if she is indeed a different character, it is possible that she was saved at a much later date. but either way, we can see how the pair have had wildly different lives. now, going off into the selfie enchantress theory completely, it is possible that an older version of loki picked her up when she was a kid and gave her powers. we know that richard e grant is going to be in the series, and i think that he would definitely be a perfect older variant of loki. agent of asgard actually features an older version of the character, and he very much manipulates events in order to ensure that the younger version becomes him. if we look at the comics, he might actually be using selfie to destroy the tva, much in the same way that oloki was using the younger version of himself in that to destroy asgard. this could also explain how she knew of the tva, but didn't realize that her powers wouldn't work there, probably because she hasn't been there and was told by this older version, which might not even be true. so get off that now. now, silvie says she maintained a relationship with a postman over the centuries. and this could be a nod to david, a postman in the marvel universe that ended up becoming the leader of the morlocks. the pair discussed whether love is hate and so on. but loki eventually settles on the metaphor that love is an imaginary dagger. terrible, terrible metaphor. but i think the series will very much center around them trying to find something to love, something to love. 3 000. loki says that he's had a bit of both over the years, probably the same as her. and shout out to all my lgbtq viewers. happy pride month, guys. now, loki sings his song and smashes a glass before saying another, which is something that his brother did in the first thor movie. i also feel like he was singing this song to sylvia to test if she was as guardian. but i'm gonna just get off the fan theory train right now, as it's starting to derail the video. but a bit of a train pun there. now it's all fun and games. and eventually the train guards show up. the pair go toe-to-toe with them, and the god of mischief is thrown off the train. and he adopts somewhat of a similar pose to how he did in thor ragnarok, after he ended up falling for 30 minutes. unfortunately, the fall has broken the temp pad, and the pair are now stuck on the planet. loki mocks sylvia a bit and makes fun of her for having a quote-unquote, glorious purpose, which is a phrase that he used in the avengers to discuss the burden he had. however, it was also something that was the name of the first episode, showing that it's all connected. now, it turns out that the orc never left the planet because it was destroyed. and we get a big theory about the tva confirmed it's revealed that the minutemen are all variants that have been pulled from the timeline, had their memories wiped and then been placed into a life of servitude. this is clearly why mobius laments his jet ski. and he was likely pulled from the 90s, which is when the character was created in the comics. now, in the source material, there were actually several versions of him. and shout outs eric vos from new rockstars, for guessing this correctly last week. now, i forgot to mention last time that the lucky variants we got pulled from issue 3 of the mighty thor amongst this image, we can see the hulking loki frost giant one and the old school viking one. jason aaron actually posted this last night, and i haven't seen it mentioned in any other breakdown so far. so this is an exclusive that we stole, but still an exclusive, exclusive. now, the pair head to the city to find the moon breaking apart above them. and even though the planet is going to hell, there's still gods running around trying to kill them. you gotta get that paycheck, i suppose. god knows i cancelled my holiday to come do this crap. now, ignore on that. it's an incredible one-shot take that shows everything being blown to hell. and as always, the ark is destroyed as predicted. this ends the episode. and i think we can guarantee that next time we will be getting the shot from the trailer of the pair sitting together. i was expecting this to happen this entry, but it looks like it'll be in the next one for sure. now i kind of feel like we'll be getting the vote loki story next time. and it could happen when the tva come to rescue him. the temp pad isn't working, so i think the most likely way out for them is to be picked up by their dear old friends. loki could end up telling mobius that he's actually a variant, which may turn him against the tva. it's even possible that the quote-unquote other person in the field, who also leaves ring stains in red slayer's office, is another version of mobius, and he make him face to face with himself at some point in the series. now, going back to the beginning of the video, you have to bear in mind that loki still potentially has a time stone, so he may even reverse the events of this planet in order to get off of it. there's lots of things that could potentially happen. but obviously leave your thoughts and theories in the comments below. overall, i kind of feel like this was a weaker episode out of the three and a bit fillery, but it did give us the chance to get to know the characters better. selfie seems like a great person to be on the same side as. and it's going to be interesting to see whether they managed to take down the tva or not, kind of like how we're getting a lot of the things unfold slowly. but with this being at the halfway point in the series now, i really hope that episode four and five just go absolutely crazy with it. now, as for the rest of the video, i kind of want to go over my thoughts on the series so far and talk about what could be coming down the line. tom hiddleston actually dropped an interview talking about his thoughts on episode 4 and 5, but i'll leave that until after the review part, in case you don't want to know at this moment, this is my favorite mcu show so far. the first episode i did enjoy, but i felt it was also a bit exposition heavy, but by the second i absolutely loved it. and if you've watched my tennis videos, then you'll know i love anything involving time travel. avengers end game was incredible for me because it allowed the heroes to make things right through the use of time travel. but loki feels like he's using it to potentially make things wrong, if that makes sense. now, elsewhere, stories have always been something i've been fascinated with, and i'm very much looking forward to what if, because that is pretty much gonna be an entire series of them. however, loki is also showing several what-if stories involving the god of mischief. and we already know from the trailers that more and more versions of him will be popping up throughout the show. i think it's really gonna allow tom hiddleston to show off all the complexities of the character, whilst he also gets to cement how good of an actor he is with his range. loki, at this point, is one of the most fascinating characters in the mcu, because you don't really know what way he's gonna go. and i love that this show is hammering this idea home he could be a good guy, could end up a villain, or maybe even something in between. that's what's great about loki. and there's so much potential around what the character could do next time. the show could really visit any point in the past or future. and it's just making it something that's so much fun to watch. i feel like every week it's getting better and better. and hopefully next week we answer the question of what the m in mobius, and mobius stands for. now, as for episode four and five, hiddleston did the press run for the show, and he was asked by tick tock user theory bites which of the episodes was his favorite. hiddleston said it was a bit difficult to tell, as he loved them all, but said that anytime he worked with owen wilson that it was a blast. however, he did play his hands slightly and said the following, when discussing what directions the series could be going in, i think episodes four and five, the two together, the whole series takes off in a direction that i certainly didn't see coming when i read it. i'm really excited for the audience to see it. so that's where we just expand into new territory. thanks for coming on the show, tom, really, really nice to talk to you. now, one of the big worries off the back of one division and falcon in the winter soldier was that these shows wouldn't really matter, as both kind of ended the same way that end game left things. wanda was still depressed and by herself, and sam had become captain america. this show has so much potential though. they could be setting up spider-man, no way home, or even things in doctor strange, in the multiverse of madness. and hearing that four and five go off in a totally new direction, it just gets me so excited. now, as for what jonathan mages said about kang, he was asked by variety whether the villain would be appearing in loki before ant-man quantum mania. variety said that. without even pausing, mages said, i have no idea what you're talking about. he's goddamn actors, man, can't tell whether they're lying or telling the truth. but i would absolutely love to see the villain pop up in the show. he's one of the best in the marvel universe. and he's also connected to the tva. i feel like he is going to be connected to the quantum realm and the multiverse. and with ant-man 3 being called quantum mania, and the city of granopolis potentially appearing in ant-man in the wasp, he may either be there or disguised as the timekeepers. you may even get a post-credits scene hint of him. as i feel like he's going to be the next thanos in terms of the big threat in the mcu. time travel opens the door for so much. and of course, with that always comes kang. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the show so far. and if there's any easter eggs or theories that you have, then, yeah, just just leave them in the comment section below. as a thank you for commenting on the video, you'll be entered into a prize through on the 30th of june, in which we're giving away three copies of the phase three mcu box set. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the winners of last month's competition are on the screen right now. so if that's you, then message me on twitter at heavyspoilers. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of lady loki, which will be linked on screen right now. we sort of went over her history briefly in this video, but that one's a lot more in depth. so definitely check it out after this out of the way. thank you for sticking through the video. i've been paul, and i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 