welcome one and all to Japan's buds revised list of the 25 most beautiful women of all time. and we cut the list down to 25 because nobody was any good sense makes a list of 30 to anything. so sparked, how's that flu recovery thing going for you? it's okay. I'm not even gonna mention that you brought a home from that mist bang. mist angers in the past. let's leave her there and look at all the other beautiful women to have existed. and I will keep looking for the beautiful woman alive today, until I no longer have to settle for mrs. thangs. good. number 25, Doris Day. now, this woman was so pretty it's almost like she was too good to be real. yeah, she was a little goody two-shoes. and I don't think it was just an act. it wasn't. she was annoyingly sweet. just looking at her gave me a toothache. number 24, Dorothy Dandridge. I didn't know her until you showed me, but she was really pretty. she was, wasn't she? pretty? little heart-shaped face reminds me of you spud with your little ballpoint chin. that joke doesn't even make any sense? ain't never heard of ballpoint pen my joke is a pun, and it makes sense and it's funny. damn kids. number 23, Whitney, Houston. now, this one right here was stunning. and there was something I really loved about her mouth. them teeth were just so gorgeous when she sang. and it was like a damn angel opened up the gates of heaven. there were her lips and teeth than the sound of the good Lord Almighty, and all His Holiness came pouring forth. when I took you to church this weekend in she damn right. number 22, dummy mall, what say you? yeah, she was really beautiful. what was Jayne dead is? well, I never see her in anything anymore. how was I supposed to know? that's because that Punk accused her and abused her and up and left of some young one with half the class, oldest beauty. and now she's scarred and sad and needs to have to give her some love. I don't ever again want to hear you say anything like that, ever again. well, number 21, Cyd Charisse. you. thank you for keeping her on the list at my recommendation, because people forget about her. they do. I think of her as sort of like Ava Gardner, Plus talent - the thought vibe. number 20, go ahead, spot hit her with the next one. Debbie Reynolds. you know, I remember hearing Carrie Fisher saying her mom had this long walk in closet, and she would go in one end as her mom, disappeared for a while, and come out the other end as Debbie Reynolds. yeah. plus she gets bonus points for being sassy and telling Oprah about 80 fishes. tenet. number 19, Geena Davis, this one is strictly for spud because he loves the redheads. I'm surprised he didn't put Lucille Ball up on this, or bows out a damn clown. I think those two women two bows over the damn clown. no, I'm just saying, you weird about the redheads. you probably got a thing for Ronald McDonald. you're the one frequenting the Mickey D's and taking selfies with that creepy clown statue. Oh, share my secrets. now I see how it is. next number 18, Cindy Crawford. okay, I'm still questioning this choice from you. yeah, I know, me too. she ain't my type at all, I don't go for the 80 biddies, but she got that lovely face. Oh, suddenly interested in women's faces. you making me sound like a chauvinist. you ruining my rep next number 17, Felicia Rashad. she's amazing. she's getting old and she still looks really beautiful. I don't know, she's like some ageless wonder. just look at her. it's ridiculous. and you know what's cool about her? she can pull off them high arching eyebrows, the ones all normal women look like, they run away from their face. yeah, like your grandma, my great grandma, who exactly looks like they're my eyebrows on that woman be like, oh, hell no. I gotta get away from this. and it makes it look like a rude Nancy. oh, hey, well, she is. well, good. they shall know about this channel. next number 16, Sarah Jessica Parker. and before y'all in the comments go being rude and making horse face jokes, hear us out. it's the whole package, exactly. she's like a little pocket-sized supermodel, but because she's not tall, everything looks even better. on other known, those legged ladies, I'm not saying this woman has one of the beautiful faces, but there's something very cool about her, and she just always looks amazing. you gonna tell him about your Sex and the City binge while you were in bed with your thought disease? no. next number 15, sell my higher. some of y'all in the comments recommended Salma. and I'm ashamed to say I wouldn't have thought of her on my own. but, yeah, she deserves to be on the list. yeah. she's just loving ya. next number 14, zendaya. you are determined to marry this woman, aren't you? yes, someday she will be. zendaya die. what's funny is the if I mispronounced her name the way that she hates people mispronouncing it, it would be zendaya. dial number 13 and mine, another supermodel. yes, weird, ain't it? but I'm trying to be subjective here, you know. I'm trying to judge on true beauty instead of my taste, because I don't think y'all watching this would be interested in a list of 25 butts. oh, can we please get back on topic now? what's is she married to David Bowie? indeed, she was married to David Bowie, don't you know? generation Z self. no, that Instagram. number 12, Kim Novak. you're talking about back in the day, right? yeah. I don't mean after she had the bad work done. but let's don't make fun if I can go low. but she deserves some respect, suppose you brewed AF number 11, Naomi Campbell, especially in that remember the time video was she up and run off and left Eddie Murphy Farrell to be with Michael. that was in mind. naomi was in the video for in the closet. how do you know more about those to me. YouTube. number 10, Ingrid Bergman, she beautiful. it looks like my other grandmother, the one without the eyebrows. crawling up a fall head. yes, officially in notorious with your butt chin. brother Cary Grant. number nine, Beyonce. next number eight, Vivien Leigh. have you ever noticed something? prettiest women have a kind of crazy look in their eye. that way they can lure you in then go for your throat. I have not ever noticed that, but I think if something I need to start looking out for. next number seven, Paulette Goddard, who I added just false bug. see, there's the same thing I'm talking about. she has that look in her eyes that makes you think that she wants to kiss you so she can see how you taste to decide if she wants you to be the main ingredient in her favorite soup. that's nasty. next number six, Kirstie Alley, huh? see? more crazy eyes. she crazy though? well, I don't think. ain't researched it, but there is that Scientology thing. and she does fight the Battle of the Bulge quite often. but she can carry some weight pretty well and still look good. you do love to thick women with to sees that. I do. that. I do. next number five, Lupita, yes, he's pretty. she looks fake. she's too pretty to be real. like, where can I find one? because I'd have been de harmony. and I have yet to find a woman that looks like this. and all they do is give me strip. next number fall. Marilyn Monroe, yeah, we had to revise that last list. I had a way too far down. that's what I'm screaming. this woman was packed and stacked, and her face looked like I put in my order to some drug companion service and they sculpted it just to suit my preferences. is that your next attempt giving up on love and real women. so it's just Droid love from here on out, maybe. do they give you strip number three, so feel around. no words necessary. yeah, except when she lifted her arm, you found a furry surprise. number two, Audrey, Hepburn pretty in the face. could wear damn near anything and make it look beautiful, just like Sarah Jessica, but without feeling like if you tried to kiss her, you get poked in your Adam's apple with a chin. this hair, your girlfriend's probably feel spun barely getting sucked into that black hole on yours. that's so rude. I've talked you help my young padawan. and number one, y'all know who it is. hear it? Taylor, this is just not debatable, except that booty was a little flat. but I would have been more than willing to make the sacrifice. I just want to know, how was this one for real? she was a mutant too. she was damn rare, violent eyes, and she was born with some mutation that gave her two sets of eyelashes. this is a once in a lifetime kind of woman. and if you know someone who looks like this, please director to subscribe to this channel, please. and thank you. be sure to find me around the Internet's, I think you mean us, as in, be sure to find us around the Internet's, no, I didn't on Twitter. twitter.com slash movies explain fall. on Facebook, facebook.com slash movies explain fall. get on my email mailing list. I ain't used yet, but I will. movies explain 4.com. consider supporting me on patreon. patreon calm slash movies explain fall, and get your math on at T spring calm slash stole slash movies - explained - fall. or just make it easy on yourself and follow the link in the description. ok, for meth I'm Jam and I am spud, and we will see y'all in the next video. toodles. 