welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we break down all the latest movies, new game releases, TV shows and comic books. Queen and slim is a film that definitely feels like the sleeper here of the air, and it's something that's stuck with me since seeing it, due to its symbolism, overall story and ending. I've kind of wrestled with doing this video, as I don't want to be another white guy rambling on about a struggle that I don't really know anything about. so I've taken a lot of time researching the director and write his thoughts on the film in order to analyze the movie with a better understanding of certain choices that were made. throughout this video, we're going to be breaking down everything that you need to know about the movie and what we took the overall journey to mean. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to see the film yet and don't want to know what happens, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of Queen and slim. okay, so Queen and slim starts off simple enough, and it follows two characters that find themselves thrust into a nationwide manhunt after a police stop escalates into a shooting. the movie opens with Queen, played by Jody Turner Smith, on a date with slim, played by Daniel Cole ouya. and he becomes clear early on that the two don't really have a connection with one another. this motif kind of exemplifies the movie, and it's really about people from all walks of life coming together for one unified goal. Queen is a defense attorney that has just learned that one of her clients has been sentenced to death, whereas slim is a religious teetotal man that likes to keep his head down. but the characters names were deliberately chosen by the director, Melina Matsoukas, because she stated that all women in the black community, or Queens and slim is something that black people are often called in a derogatory manner. they are worlds apart. and those slim is hopeful for more from Queen, it's clear that she's not that interested. when driving her home, a queen takes Slim's phone, and when grabbing it back, he swims in the road, which grabs the attention of a patrolling police officer, who pulls them over and begins to search the car. the situation escalates, and it's a scenario that we've seen play out numerous times on the news in which an officer killed an unarmed black person under the pretense that they were threat. I'm sure many people watching the movie have gone through similar circumstances themselves, in which the police have pulled them over for a minor incident, and even though they were cooperating, they've ended up with a gun pointed at them for doing little more than asking some questions. Queen and slim follows the usual narrative of this, but where it differs is that when Queen tries to film the incident, she is shot at, and in self-defense, slim manages to wrestle a policeman, getting his gun and using it on the officer, killing him in the process. it's a really tense scene, and it definitely grabbed my attention early on. I actually saw Queen and slim at something that's known as the secret screening, which you have no idea what movie you're going to see. and having absolutely no prior knowledge of the work, this introduction really gripped me. the two really only have two choices, hand themselves in or go on the run. it wouldn't be much of a movie doing the former, so instead, they choose the latter, which leads them to inadvertently cause a political movement in the country. whilst they try and evade the long arm of the law. the two are really seen as heroes. so the black lives matter cause. and because of this, it begins to make the black community realise that enough is enough. they're sick of being harassed, and this needs to stop. now, the film begins in Ohio, and this was deliberately chosen by the creative team as it's one of the last stops on the Underground Railroad. when discussing the movie with Oprah Magazine, the writer of the film, Lena weaith, stated that I've always seen this as a kind of reverse slave escape narrative. they're kind of on a journey on the Underground Railroad, the modern-day Underground Railroad. Queen states in the film that Ohio still imposes the death penalty, and the 2014 shooting of Tamir rice also happened close to the area. the car that slim drives, a white Accord, was also picked intentionally, because on the street in which the murder occurred, six cars were pulled over in the space of an hour, including one which was the same make and model that slim drives. the bar that the duo eventually make it to for their second date is also called the underground. and once more, the movie hints that this is about african-americans escaping oppression. it definitely has this aspect to it. and the film is basically a road trip that involves encountering people from all walks of life, but at its core is the notion that family and community are of the utmost importance. I have seen some complain at this film tars white policeman with the same brush. but firstly, these types of stops turned bad all too often. and secondly, we do see firsthand that our sheriffing Kentucky is willing to help the to only turning on them after he hears about the officer that they shot. a white couple are also paramount in helping Queen and slim escape. and they offer the two refuge at their home during the investigation. in this scene, Queen and slim have to hide under floorboards which were used in the Underground Railroad to smuggle people to Canada. and it reminds us that history, though long gone, still plays a big part in our present. and it's called, though, is the black community and how they must come together in order to fight the oppression and they face. and that unity is the only way to accomplish this. the film basically states that people must put their differences aside in order to aid one another. and to me, this is exemplified in queens estranged Uncle, Earl, who we learned, killed her mother. it's revealed that Queen helped him avoid jail for the crime by becoming his defense attorney. and to me, this hammers home the point that this is about an overall message of kinship for an achieved enlightenment. we must forget those that have wronged us and help where possible. and even those from all walks of life share some commonality. they changed their appearance and hatch a plan to escape to Cuba. and along the way, they visit the underground for their second date, and also meet a young boy who is the son of a mechanic that is fixing their car. the character named junior says that they've really created a movement in the country and that he's going to go to a protest the next day. tragically, this ends with junior shooting a black police officer and in turn being shot himself. the director stated that this highlights the dangers that expressing your beliefs can lead to you, and shows that even in the black community, there are voices that may try and get you to step into self-censorship in order to keep their standing. this sort of plays into the ending of the film. but the movie doesn't say that all black members of the police force are bad, and that there are opportunities for those within the sanctions of the authorities to help their community out. this is showcasing the police officer that lets them escape in the film. and eagle-eyed viewers may have spotted that his name is Langston. this is a nod to Langston Hughes, a poet that was a huge part of the Harlem Renaissance. eventually, they reach a man who says he can lead them to a man plane in which they will be able to escape to Cuba. by this point, the bounty on the two combined is at half a million dollars, and they are very sought-after. the man drives the two to the tarmac and finally to the plane that will take them away. however, police officers arrive and draw their weapons on the pair. an overzealous police woman shoots Queen, killing her instantly. and slim crouches over her, devastated at the death. and the police shouted him to get on the ground. however, he defiantly stands up, refusing to be silenced any further, and picks up Queen. to me, this symbolizes that though the black community has faced losses and deaths, they must rise up and continue marching forward. Slim is killed as well, and the police say that this was necessary as the two were considered armed and dangerous. as we could see, Slim's hands were carrying Queen, and he wasn't really posing a danger beyond being defiant. as with most cases, the police didn't have any reason to shoot him, but they did anyway, out of fear and prejudice. it's a devastating moment. and initially, though I was shocked by this move, I realized it was the only way that the film could have gone. Queen and slim were never going to escape to a life of freedom, as they are stuck in a society that will constantly put them down without reason because it's designed to hold them back. when discussing the white female officer who shot Queen without provocation, the creative team said it serves as a sort of commentary on the phenomenon of white feminism, which often finds black women's Caucasian counterparts choosing to ignore the intersectionality of equality for all. in reaction to the 2018 murder of 18 year-old near Wilson Harper's Bazaar, to find it as type of behavior that rests under the guise of feminism only as long as it's comfortable, only as long as it's personally rewarding, only as long as it keeps on brand. to put it simply, a woman shooting a fellow female served as an example of the betrayal of sisterhood and unity that put so many people in our culture in harm's way. Queen and slim have a funeral, which hundreds attend, and the two are made into martyrs, unifying people around their cause. however, we also learn that the person that sold them out was the one that drove them to the tarmac. and this holds a lot of weight about her separation and greed will often cause communities to collapse. when discussing this twist, the director said, we wanted it to be complicated. we wanted it to show how we're socialized, what the effects of racism do to our community. like the black man who sells them out. he's a victim of capitalism. in that moment, you're not thinking of values, you're just thinking, how am I gonna eat? and that's what this man is thinking of in that moment. he's thinking of himself as an individual and has sold out the community in order for his own individual growth. and that's all of us. we all have to deal with that in our community. how do we do that? how do we support each other? how do we unify? it's a really poignant moment that reminds us that short-term and material goals overall take away from the broader scope of things and progression in the long term. I might be being a snob, but just looking at the character, you can see that it was solely focused on the short term, as he lived in a trailer, yet still put his money towards girls and souping up his car. it's this image of success that he has fallen victim to. and rather than seeing his community being successful and make a stand, he is focused solely on the success of himself. he has clearly helped people in the past, due to his reputation for doing so, but I guess half a million dollars was just too much to turn down. the film shows how close people have often come to getting away and moving on to a new way of life with a more positive meaning, but how one selfish person can bring it all down. and in the end, we must recognize the failings of the character who sold them out, and make sure that we do not repeat these actions ourselves. it's an awesome way to close the movie, and Queen and slim is one of the most engaging films that I've watched in a long time. this is stuck with me long after seeing it, and it's an incredible way to close out the air. massively recommend that if you haven't seen it already, then you go and check it out, as this is a film that drives discussion and deserves to get more attention. in the end, Queen and slim is brilliant. and it gets a nine out of ten. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film and what you took from the ending. as I said up top, I'm a white guy trying to analyze a movie about racial politics. so I apologize if I was disrespectful or misinformed on some things. I just have to take the film as I saw it and what those behind the movie intended. if you enjoyed the video, then please give it a thumbs up. and something a little more lighthearted, make sure you check out my breakdown of the black widow trailer, which would be linked at the end. we go over everything you missed and give our theories on the film's so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. if you want to come chat to me after the video that, make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. will head over to my discord server, which you'll be linked in the description below. you drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the marble phase 3, part 2, boxer on blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war and Game Captain Marvel amour. and all you have to do to be in with the chance of winning, it's like the video, make she's subscribe to the channel and leave you thoughts on Queen and slim in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of December, and the set will be shipped out from then. whoever gets the prize, it's the best of luck that everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. huge. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. now see you next time. take care. peace. you 