welcome to the man of reach apps. it's house of cards. season two. Frank Underwood has just connived his way into the vice presidency of the United States. meanwhile, reporter Zoe Barnes and her friends are researching his misdeeds. they're tracking down Rachel, the former prostitute who was involved in the Peter Russo drinking set up. Doug finds her first and is like, we got to move. she's like, I don't want to move again. but he reminds her that he is not her friend and he's not asking. Zoe confronts Frank directly, and she's like, look, Frank, I'm okay with some shadiness, but did you kill Peter Russo? and he's like, now, don't worry, I would never kill anyone, except maybe you. right now. oh, we pushed her in front of the Train. season 1, Zoe's gone. now. that's so sad. moving on. Frank's big opponent this season is Raymond to tusk, the billionaire businessman who's a close friend of President Walker, and is basically running the country. Frank can't have this, because of course, he wants to be running the country. first, though, Frank has to find a replacement for his old job in Congress, Majority Whip. he chooses Jackie sharp. she's hot, ambitious and willing to do whatever it takes. French gives her all the dirt he has on her main opponents. and when the other two realize they're not going to win, one of them makes a deal to give her support if she'll destroy her longtime family friend, who's bastard child. she's been taken care of. sorry, friend. nothing personal. it's just politics. next on the agenda, Frank has to avoid a government shutdown because the Democrats and Republicans can't agree on the age of retirement for Social Security. he gets enough Republican support to pass the bill, but the rest of them walk out, so they can't have a quorum, and Franklin pokes an ancient parliamentary procedure where he can have them literally carry back in. Frank ain't messing around. the bill passed the Senate, but it still needs to pass the house, so he has Jackie and Remy Danton go out to whip votes. Remy Danton, lobbyist that's working for tusk, but Tuscon Frank are working together on this one. Remy and Jackie sort of start flirting, by the way, Frank takes a one-on-one meeting with his old opponent, Donald Blythe who controls a pretty sizable voting bloc against the bill. Donald still hates him from one ruined his education bill last season. but while they're in their white powder in the mail. and you guys remember the anthrax scare that was, though, the thing. so basically they're quarantined and stuck in the meeting. now, Donald's wife is going through Alzheimer's, and Frank kind of consoles him about that and is like, hey, maybe we get a Alzheimer's research facility if you support this bill. and he's like, you are so slimy, Frank, I will never support this some people, am i right? meanwhile, Frank's wife, Claire underwood, is having an interview. they asked her why they never had any children, and she gives the standard answer. but then it's like, what about this old article that speculates you used to be pregnant? and she decides to admit on air that she had an abort what? now the truth is she's had three abortions because she was, you know, young and dumb. obviously, she can't say that. so she decides to go with, I was raped. and she was actually raped back in college by one of her classmates, who is now a five-star general. that early on the season Frank had to pin a medal on. but now this guy is in big trouble. anyway, the quarantine ends it was nothing. Donald lies, still not convinced, but Jackie's like, look, I'm not Frank. I'm a nice person. just work with me on this. and they do. so Claire's confident, but there's no evidence of the truth about her abortions. but this guy, Seth Grayson, manages to track down the widow of the doctor that did it and find his old Journal, which proves that she was lying. he doesn't release it though. he's using it as a resume. he says, look how good I am at digging up dirt. I want to work for you guys. the truth is, though, that Remy Danton and tusk hired him to dig up dirt on the Underwood's. but when Frank confronts him about it, he's like, no, no, the truth, truth is, I'm double-crossing Remy because I want to ride your coattails as high as they'll go. and Frank's like, you're my kind of slimy. I like you. now, Zoey's reporter friends, what have they been up to? the girl bails because she's scared. but Lucas Goodwin was in love with Zoey, so he can't let it go. he posts from the Deep Web that he wants to hack phone records. and he gets a response from someone who's like, yeah, can hook you up. it's the guy from West world who's a big-time computer hacker. he puts a virus on the dongle that needs to go into the server. so Lucas takes a tour and just sneakily sneaks it in. but, oh, it's a sting operation. what? yeah, the FBI notices if you post online trying to hack the vice president's phone records. normally they wouldn't care if Doug Stamper was like, we need to put this guy away. so hacker gyves working with the FBI, because otherwise they would kill his guinea pig and put him in jail for life. and Lucas Goodwin's like, hey, you got to get me out of here. but unfortunately, he has zero evidence, so he's going to jail for a long, long time. Frank goes to see a Civil War reenactment where he meets his great-great-grandfather, who fought for the south. but the real reason he's there is a secret meeting with China. Raymond tusk is working with Chinese billionaires and/or fame to, like, build a factory. and they're negotiating things that can't be said out on the official thing. Frank agrees to the deal, but he tells the official delegation to do the exact opposite. he has a double secret meeting with Vander Fang, where he's like, Raymond tusk doesn't control the government anymore. I do. so relations with China fall apart, and Frank manages to blame it on Raymond tusk. so the president's pissed at him. now, with tusk in the doghouse, Frank swoops in and becomes BFFs with the president. but then attack ads start coming at the Democrats hard core. where are they coming from? lanagin's casino. Daniel lanagin is a Native American casino owner who's always supported the Democrats. he sends Doug to go investigate, and he investigates with his dick. he finds out that Chinese businessmen are flying in all the time, secretly, and losing lots of money there. it's a money-laundering operation organized by Raymond tusk to influence American politics with Chinese dollars. so Doug goes to see Xander Feng directly and is like, look, we're willing to play ball. we just want to bypass tusk Zender things like, okay, if you build this bridge with Chinese money, we'll stop the attack. ads. tusk offers to cut Frank in on the deal, but Frank wants none of it, and it is open war. so test sends remnants dig up tomorrow dirt. first, he tracks down Claire's fired employee, which leads him to evidence of Claire's affair with photographer Adam Galloway. last season, they spent a whole episode on the ins and outs of the skin. but long story short, Claire and Adam have a huge falling-out, but they do get him to admit the whole thing was a publicity stunt. they also go after Freddie, Frank's barbecue ribs guy. he's going to get a franchise deal, but they leaked the story that he was a felon, and his son pulled a gun on some reporters. so the deal's off, and he has to sell the rib joint. finally, tusk wants Remy to get dirt on Jackie sharp, to coerce her to turn on Frank. but the person she's having an affair with is Remy Denton. any sort of loves her. so he goes to Frank. he's like, hey, maybe I'd back off a bit in exchange for some insurance plan in case you come out on top of this battle. but Frank turns Remy in to tusk immediately. so now he's fired, and Frank has all the leverage. and now Frank goes on the counter-attack. he leads her reporter to finding the Chinese money-laundering scheme. and this is super risky, because of things go wrong, he could be in big trouble - during the indictment, he just denies everything. but they're like, hey, we have Doug Stamper in the casino. what's up with that? so Doug has to cover his tracks, starting with the prostitute, Rachel. he's got her set up an apartment in Baltimore or something, and he still visits her all the time and has her read to him because they've got a weird, like paternal maternal kind of sexual romantic thing. his feelings are confused. Rachel meets a new friend, and long story short, they become roommates and then become lovers, whoa. Doug's not happy about the so he says they have to break up with her, so rachel does, which makes her super sad. speaking of weird relationships, Frank Secret Service agent Edward Meechum. he saved his job, so he has his unwavering loyalty. and one night things get weirdly sexual, and Claire's there too, and they just all go with it and have a threesome. Frank and Claire treat this like it's pretty normal. and Meacham is a consummate professional, so it's never mentioned again. back to business, though, Frank's covered his tracks, and so they release all his travel logs, and he convinces the President to do the same. but the president and his wife have been having marital troubles, so Claire gives the name of a discreet therapist that they can go see on the side. with the travel logs released. they find him though, and eventually it comes out that he prescribed the president medication, and the White House attorney coached him not to admit that. so they're talking impeachment. now the president starts to realize that maybe Frank isn't his friend and is working against him. so Frank goes to see Secretary of st. Catherine Durant. he's like, hey, you want to take down a president? they offer asylum to Xander Feng, the Chinese guy. he's on the run from his own government now, and they get him to admit to working with Raymond tusk. Raymond tusk is pleading the fifth, but eventually they'll get him. so the president offers to pardon him in exchange for throwing Frank under the bus. but then Frank secretly meets with tusk and is like, no, no. I'm going to impeach the president anyway, so you better throw him under the bus. and then all pardon you. quick side story, the hacker guy didn't just fake hack the phone records. he actually did hack all the phone records for AT&amp;T, and he's using that leverage to get all of his charges dropped. he's also been tracking Doug Sandberg on his visits to Rachel and uses that knowledge to blackmail Doug to make sure the deal is good. so Doug goes to Rachel, he's like, sorry, we got to move you again. and she kind of gets the feeling that he's going to kill her this time, so she bailed. and he's driving into the force, and all on the head hit. and Rachel bails out of there, leaving Doug for dead. back in politics, Frank writes a letter to the president, saying that he is his true friend and he's willing to take the fall, even if it comes to that. the president naively believes him and is like, you know what, Frank, I'm gonna call off tusk. just try not to get me impeached. of course, Frank is working with Jackie sharp to make sure he's a peached. so one tusk gets the call that the president's pardon is off. he has no choice but to trust in Frank. he admits everything and blames it on the current president. so Walker has no choice but to resign, and Frank Underwood is sworn in as the new President of the United States. and that's how season two comes to an end. thanks for watching. the man of recaps, stay tuned. for house of cards season 3. or check out my other videos for even more recap goodness 