before we get started, guys, we want to thank you for watching this channel. so we're giving away this figure. it's Drax and Groot. keep watching the breakdown to find out how to get it. [Music], wow. what a way to start season eight, guys. we are talking about American Horror Story, apocalypse, episode one. it's called the end. are you gonna share that or what? no, you finished yours. this is mine. alright, Greg's not sharing. and there are a ton of spoilers ahead. so go watch the episode, then come right back down for this full breakdown of episode 1. alright, let's get into it right from the beginning. ballistic missiles are in the air. they've taken out a handful of major international cities, and it's coming right for LA next yeah, it was quite a way to start season 8. oh, pretty scary, right? terrifying, to be honest. this sums it up pretty well for me. many of us are still dad, mom's getting worse. you have to take her to see a real psychiatrist. look, how can she is she's fine? oh yeah. it's a complete frenzy in Los Angeles. there's tons of traffic. people are committing suicide. everyone's just freaking out. and for me, it was really traumatizing to kind of watch. it was based in some sort of reality. you could see, like in the in the future. hopefully it doesn't happen, obviously, but it was extremely terrified. some of that reality we got from cult. it's like a little bit of a hold over this season. oh, my gosh, matters. so, a ton of familiar faces if you've watched American Horror Story before. obviously, we got Evan Peters returning. we got Sarah paulsen later on in the episode. we introduced a mr. gallant, then his he's a hairdresser. and Coco is this celebrity slash Instagram influencer. and her assistant, Malory. and they're basically on face time with family. and realized that the apocalypse is coming, so mad rush. everyone's trying to get to a safe, safe place. now, we learned that certain people who have money are safe to go there, yes. and if you have money, you're safe. and if you have the right DNA, you're safe. yeah. a hundred million dollars will get you in, apparently. and this, we don't know yet where they're going with DNA, but okay, all right. we're also introduced to a shady government organization called the cooperative is literally seeking out individuals that are worthy to be saved and not die in the apocalypse. we have a location prepared for him where he'll be safe. what do you mean selected? this has exceptional genetic makeup, makes him a prime candidate. and then we got a cool scene at the beginning with Barack, Billy Eichner character in his relationship with Coco. that's a cool call back to last season, cult in the relationship there with Billy Eichner. Leslie Grossman, yeah, fun little nod for HS fans that watched last season. oh, they're back again, and they're in another relationship, although that relationship isn't last very long, because, funny quote here, but he's stuck in Santa Monica and is pleading with her not to leave him there. by the way, Santa Monica's very nice, but in that traffic it could be hell. you are now free to see other people. [Music]. we're also introduced to Evy gallant, Evan Peters grandmother, who's bankrolling this trip, apparently. and we don't know much about her yet, but she's played by the legendary Joan Collins, yeah, we found out she has a ton of money. you can obviously get them into this shelter. and also, there are some fun little nods, obviously to her work in dynasty. that it's awesome. burnt champagne. yes, this is real, grandma. people are going to die today. let's have some fun. champagne. champagne was obviously frozen in the bottle at some point. if the champagne is too burned for your taste, miss Devereaux, don't drink it. the caviar, I trust, is not that. so a ton of money gets you a private plane ticket out of the blast zone and into safety. but I want to know who the hell is flying that plane. before we even get to that, I want to give a shout-out to the chauffeur, because apparently you pay enough money, they're willing to risk their life for you, even to the bitter end. I love that, just wasting fools outside on the on the runway. that was an epic scene. and then they get on the plane, but, like, they find out that no one is flying it. I've got an idea where they're going with that. either they just want to say, like, it's which is something else is going on. I feel like they're gonna touch on that again at some point. who's that playing? we have a theory, and we'll let you guys know about that later on in this video. I mean, my favorite part of every premiere for AHS is the opening title sequence. of course, they're always spot-on. yeah, it's really well done to set the tone. you hear that music, the merge of coven and Murder House season 1, I loved it. yeah, if you look really closely, you'll see imagery that we noticed from Murder House, of course, and then also of coven. and then on top of all that is this satanic apocalyptic imagery that is just the perfect tone for this season. so, yeah, it's gonna be extremely messed up. now, as mentioned before, paying your way to safety is not the only way to get into the shelter. you also might have the right DNA for it. and there's a funny moment when they talk about why Timothy is actually going off with the cooperative, and it's because he submitted his DNA to get tested and sampled. I have those 23andme set up those boxes right behind me, and now I'm just looking at them like mm-hmm. [Music], conspiracy. yeah. it's either you're, you're gonna be completely safe, or you're gonna be turned into a weapon, or this well, cloned, or who knows what's going on. but, uh, I expect after if someone have seen this show, they'd be like, wow, I really need to do that so that I might be saved in the case of an apocalypse. how do you know my genetic makeup? you submitted your DNA to an ancestry website. and then we're introduced to outpost 3, which is the fallout shelter for everybody. and you got these radioactive gas mask suits. come on, what's what's going on there? yeah, it kind of reminded me of an obscure Star Wars character, Imperial spy long snoot. remember in a new hope outside of the cantina, talking to the stormtroopers? they had this vibe that was very menacing. oh, yeah, know who? who's behind those masks? we have no idea, like, what's going on, where we are. but, yeah, it seemed very, very realistic. they did it close up, and I immediately noticed Kathy Bates, though I didn't I did, I could see those eyes. I was like, that's Kathy Bates. so she does the whole like, she don't know move. I didn't realise who there was behind the faces until they, you know, went inside and kind of cleaned off. but that's awesome. yeah, it was. it really set the tone of, of like, this major government organization and like, the end of world, of the world is actually happening. so he's a very good job of the actual, the set pieces that were there, right? yeah. they even the design. you're, you're in richest era. yes. a better sign of the actual fallout shelters, not like any any normal just, you know, open a door and you're in. it was very I love the art design going on this. I the first episode floored me with the art design so far. even the the costumes, Victorian era style we got going on right now. I loved it. they, mmm. Richard Serra outlook on everything. perfect. now, outpost three is one of the few remaining, and maybe the only remaining shelter after the nuclear war. and we're introduced to miss Venable, the wonderful Sarah Paulson. is reprising a new role, and she's basically the head honcho in this outpost. and we quickly learned that she's not so nice. no, no, she is not. I'm Wilhelmina Venable. welcome to outpost me. now, don't forget the Sarah Paulson. she's gonna be playing three different characters, at least three different characters. we have Cordelia Fox and of course Billie Dean Howard. so I don't know how they're gonna be intersected. me. yeah, it'll be interesting how they mix all the different storylines in different characters, especially if an actor is playing more than one character. kill one off, yeah. and then just pretty easy actually. kill one off and the next one pops up. there you go. now, there is a sort of social structure inside of these outposts. if you're wearing grey, you're one of the worker ants. if you're in purple, then you're more of one of the elites and you paid a bunch of money, or if your DNA matches. pretty cool to see all the design that goes into this and the costumes. like, yeah, awesome. I noticed all the Purple's get to sit down and eat for dinner. but what did the grazie? I want to, I want to know what? what do they have? is just like a jelly bean a tic-tac. it's not even like the Purple's are getting that well either. so, yeah, the the greys are really screwed. Oh, [Music]. okay, so what are the rules for outpost three? we got you can't leave and no sex. none. zero. which means, of course, Greg, that someone's gonna have sex. gee, I wonder who it could be. like everything in this place, we have to ration one kiss per week just to be safe. now, speaking of sex, Timothy and Emily, it's pretty tease that they're going to start some relationship. we see them kissing later on. and there are the only two characters, I believe, in a post three that were mentioned. DT, yeah, we gotten there because of their DNA, the specific DNA. yes, they didn't pay. they didn't have the money to pay entry. since this is a horror story, I'm guessing that they're the only two, because everyone else on this show is a little bit of kin and father. we might see a lot of people get act sooner or later. in man house, those two might be untouchable. Mike, yeah, Big Mike's gonna make that decision. other characters that we've obviously met at outpost three. Kathy Bates as Miz Meade. mm-hmm. always menacing. she's great that she has a little bit of a boo vibe going on. yes, definitely. Idina Porter is playing. I think is Deena Stevens? yes, it's like an Oprah kind of vibe. we got there. definitely probably paid her way to get there as well. yeah. and then we get some other characters, and Andre ass too, that had probably been there for a while. seems like they might have paid their way to get there, but it doesn't turn out so well for Stu. now, before we get the Stu, because, believe me, we want to discuss Stu. all right, peace. do. all right, please do. but, um, it seems like there's other powers at be here. and off the bat, the 666 on the bathroom mirror, obviously we know that something bad is is headed their way, or an already there Murder House ghost baby. all right. you mentioned dinner time earlier in yeah, dinner sucks. yes, you get one look jell-o cube and have all the vitamins you need, and that's it. and I can only imagine this could get old really quick. oh, the cube on your plate contains everybody. men are by NEADS, or so they tell us. I'm still hungry. I am so tired of the hunger. Wow, all that money and that's all you get for dinner. I mean, hey, hey, you survived the apocalypse, so this is what you get. I guess you should be thankful that you get anything at all, and you get some safe shelter. we then find out that if you bring any radioactive particles or anything's on you, um, they both quickly find out, and you will be punished. you'll be basically it washed. it'll be washed off of an outside, inside of you it, and we'll just watch. the way, I wonder spray looks completely horrible. that scene was to see Evan Peters, but for you, just get it out of the way in the first step. it's gonna see you half naked. I gotta get his ass in the first episode and we move on. but the same time, I love how they come back to that later and just reveal, like, now it was just the thing. just crank it up to ten, and you just like, we can do whatever we want cuz they're screwing with them, we find out later on. so we find out that in his need and as Venable mmm-hmm. have been basically torturing and tormenting any of these guests that come in, or survivors that come in to this outpost? yes. and that they can basically do whatever they want, because the so called cooperative isn't gone quite as powerful as it was. it's almost completely gone. so they're just basically ruling this whole little cult-like vibe by themselves. at the same time, if you don't tell them that, I wonder, are they just gonna go completely nuts, and all the food's gonna be taken and everyone's gonna go yeah, yeah, still, I don't know if I would torture my guests as fun, but there has to be a higher yeah, we're definitely going on. yeah. we definitely know though that Miz Meade and Venable are completely horrific characters. and the the bad that definitely the bad people of this season, until we meet the wigger back for the witches, or that the witches got to save us. yeah, come on. a perfect example of how horrible miss Venable in need are. they take care of Stu by murdering him. and then they decide to offer their guests a special dinner. how convenient. oh oh. this is a difficult time for everyone. as a small consulate, we have a special treat, no cubes tonight. enjoy the bonne bouche. don't get used to it. now, they don't come out and say what it is, but the second they put those plates down, those bowls, I'm like, oh, that yeah. it was like, do not take a bite. do not take them. wait, wait, wait, wait. okay, to everyone out there, if this were you and you got to eat, are you gonna eat stew, or are you just gonna just toss it away? I'm sorry, I'm gonna have this stew. I'm sorry, but that's it. I gotta eat. hey, you gotta eat. you gotta survive. all right, guys, Greg Thomas is a cannibal. apocalypse. the end of the world. what are you gonna do? later on the perimeter, alarms go off, we find out we have a new guest coming. and then you get the horse-drawn carriage. immediately before that, was like, oh, it's gotta be Michael. it's gotta be yes, this is it. it's the Satan. he's here. yeah, Michael Langdon is back. we get a close shot of his identification. and we've noticed a cup of you things here. first off, Michael Langdon. obviously, his name is there. and then if you look at his ID number at the end of that, it says 666. this dude is Satan. he is the Antichrist. and it turns out his clearance is unlimited, so he can do whatever the f he wants to. now, a couple of things. there are two signatures, the Chancellor of the cooperative and the president of the cooperative. don't know if we're gonna meet them later on, but it definitely seems like Michael Langdon has heard about a post three and what is going on there. he's looking for his been able. and I don't maybe they have heard of him as well, or maybe they just noticed that his he has a limited clearance. I'm gonna go get clearance, and he can come as go as he pleases. he seemed to know more about them. the way he was talking to been able. it felt like he he was under the impression that they're not exactly doing what they should be doing at the outpost. he seems to be a higher up at the cooperative, and he thinks that they think he knows that they're screwing around there. he also tells him, is need to tend to his horses. I didn't know that tender the horses means shoot them in the head and throw them off the cliff and then feed them to these monsters. but hey, either he controlled her to do that, or he just she knew to do that, or, hey, she's under his spell. I don't know. yeah, I don't know if he does he, is he gonna have powers? we'll find out. I just can't imagine. is he gonna do things like levitation, or a movie? I don't know if he has those kind of powers yet. we'll see. now, of course, all you AHS veterans will know this, but Michael Langdon is the child of Tate Langdon from Murder House, and Vivien Harmon, who was ripped by Tate inside the murder house. and he is the satanic offspring of them and raised by Constance Langdon. yes. and so now he is here, grown up and digging the outfit. I like to look here. I'm very interview with the vampire vibes. he's a badass. the last time we saw him, he had murdered his nanny, yes, the babysitter at the end of Murder House. and the season finale, and that was it. that's the last time, it's the last time I saw him. he was like a little kid. and now, who knows what he's done in the years since then. I have a feeling he may have caused the apocalypse, or had a hand in it somehow someway. a fun little Easter egg when Michael appeared inside of the app host:3 was the song that they play. it is actually a song from Murder House, the animal ate, two episodes of Murder House, the the the season premiere and then the season finale. so it's almost like one of the first songs we've heard in the entire anthology series. it's patience and prudence, tonight, you belong to me. and it was a nice little cue that Michael Langdon is back. very well done. he's going to write some stuff up. okay, let's jump in the favorite moments. now, this episode was filled, actually, with a lot of funny moments. I wasn't expecting that. from the first 10 minutes, I thought, oh god, I'm gonna, I'm in for some anxiety filled 45 minutes that I'm gonna regret. but I did not. I loved it. my favorite moment is a tie between this shot right here with Evie. don't be too disappointed. don't you don't know what disappointment is until you've slept with healed Runa. and of course, the hard cut 18 months later. that was great. they're still stuck in the same outfit three, we're saying, and they're not even any bit closer to being saved. there's got to be a morning. yeah, you're totally right though. there are a ton of awesome moments in this first episode. I was a really good start. the season was, um, I loved the whole thing with trying to get out of LA. traffic, everyone just freaking out. obviously, it's overdramatized and very heightened and as funny as an apocalypse could be. but I also really enjoyed the dinner scene and just all of them at the table. and obviously this quote. I have a feeling that we're gonna be at coining this phrase throughout the season. the stew is stew, the stew is stew. I have a feeling that's what they want us to do, everyone freaking out. and literally, like, the disgusting parts of them just like picking out, like, fingers and like two teeth and nails, like the whole thing was just completely gross. but it was fun to see the people that were grossed out by it, and then the people that were just chilling and like, all good, like eating it, like they've what I love about our story. that's what I love about this show. more of that. give us this cute nods, but just keep it gross and keep it just funny. all right, guys, as promised, let's take a quick break and tell you more about this contest to win this guardians of the galaxy Drax and Groot figure from our friends over at fun comm and it's extremely easy to enter, guys. first, you got to live in the US. and second, subscribe to GameSpot universe, and then enter the contest with the bitly link in the description or in comment below. now, this contest only runs from September 13th to October 1st. so hit that link right now. enter now. guys. do it. alright, Greg, back to American Horror Story. let's talk about any predictions and theories we have moving forward for the rest of the season. yeah, we didn't get a look at C's episode 2, but you and I have some ideas of what might be happening down the road here. just a few, just tiny, tiny, tiny things here. first off, let's talk about the sanctuary that Michael mentions. he mentions, Michael Langdon mentions, a sanctuary where he wants to take some of the people, or maybe none of the people over - yes. what do we think of this? it's either in this Robichaud sanctuary we're talking about here, or I have a feeling we're gonna get something with the witches with this thing. yeah, I think I think they, they want Ryan Murphy and the whole crew wants you to believe that we're going to the New Orleans coven with that sanctuary. but it might be, might be almost too obvious of a choice. yeah. also, he's lying to her, obviously. I think whatever they're sending him, his sayings, playing, he's picking who he chooses here, right? he's gonna tempt those people that are left over, the survivors that are left over, for his own good. yeah. and I we think that it might be Emily and Timothy. now, speaking of Emily and Timothy, yes, we get a whole Adam and Eve story, I think we're going here. and it just, it, I just get the vibe you can't have sex. what are they doing? and early on, they're getting close to that. and now the devil shows up. hmm, gee. I wonder what's gonna happen. original sin. yeah, yeah. they're definitely tempted by everything around them, each other. and now the double that showed up. it's not looking good. no, it all hell's about to break loose in this place. I have to bring it up again, Greg, in the private jet. I mean, who is flying the private jet? I get that it's autopilot in jets, but you can't take off and land a jet without anyone flying it, is it? Evie, I see a secret, which bets. that's my go right now. this is my, my theory is he's a secret which that's why, no wonder why she's always so chill. and just like I thought it was the Maya, it was the money that made her like super chill. but maybe she does have this secret witch powers. there's more to or he might part be part of the coven. mm-hmm. and she just don't worry about this. she don't. yeah, we don't know how that pointy landed. we maybe they just want us to go with it. that's definitely what's coming up in the next episode? right? we're gonna get background into like, and I feel like a lot of the seasons gonna do that as well, right? it's gonna, we're gonna jump times, yes, a lot. we're gonna go back to five hours before the apocalypse of ten hours after the apocalypse. we're gonna jump around a lot. it's been kind of fill in the puzzle pieces of what happened. Emily's back story, we haven't got that yet. I'm guaranteeing you that's gonna happen the next episode, of the episode after, unless she's a huge baddie, we just don't know it yet. in the last question that we have. was not the last we saw of Billy Eichner? I want to say no, but they did say he was only guest starring, right? he was credited as guest starring in this episode. but it would make sense that we didn't see him there in the blast, that he could have found some kind of shelter, or something happened, and he's gonna get his revenge on Koko, doubtful. yeah. what a way to go out, right? just stuck in LA traffic. oh, that's horrible. if any of you guys have been in LA traffic. that's, that's not fun. guys. that's it for us here. let us know what questions, theories, predictions you might have for American Horror Story apocalypse in the comments below or on Twitter. I'm at Ryan. Eric P I'm at Greg ft. one. five, five. and also, you know, subscribe to this channel, because we will be doing breakdowns for every single episode of American Horror Story. you can't tell we are extremely excited for the season. oh yes. can I get another cube, please? kind of get one of those cubes? no, that's mine. I need it for the next year. that's how it worked, right? 