welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition. and this episode, were breaking down defending Jacob on Apple TV. normally with my videos, are trying to release them on the day that the finale airs. however, with defending Jacob, I really wanted to give the ending some time. and thought, as a thing, there's a lot going on. the show leaves so many unanswered questions. however, if we look at the subtext, I think they provide a clear direction as to what exactly happened in the series. throughout this video, we'll be going over the way things are left and why they heavily imply one possible outcome. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to check out the show yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. if you enjoy this video, then please drop a thumbs up, as it massively helps us out. and also subscribe to the channel for videos like this every day. without the way. thank you for clicking this. let's get into our breakdown of defending Jacob. I want the truth. you can be a good man, or you can be a good father. okay, so defending Jacob centers around the barbers, a family of three made up of Andy, played by Chris Evans, Laurie, played by Michelle Dockery, and Jacob, played by Jayden Martell. Jacob is embroiled in a murder trial after a boy who bullied him is found dead. and the story very much focuses on his parents struggling over whether he committed the crime or not. now from the off, I will say that I do think that Jacob did it. another show is deliberately ambiguous. there are several clues as to why this is the case. firstly is Jacobs attitude in general. throughout the show, he's portrayed as someone that's a rule-breaker, someone that isn't very thoughtful and someone that will often defy common sense in order to be seen a certain way. he deliberately returns to social media after being told not to post sick things on it, and even write a story about the murder itself that makes LJ Simpsons, if I did it, look like a shining example of what to do after becoming a suspect. Jacob was apparently the first one that discovered Ben's body, and he tried to cover this up by not reporting it, so that he wouldn't get in trouble. I believe that he wasn't aware of the forensics and that this was a lie. there is another suspect. it does seem strange that Jacob was first on the scene if he had nothing to do with it. in addition to this, and he finds a knife that may or may not have been used as the murder weapon. whilst we learn that this is a common knife, it does add a lot of weight when tied in with all of the above, as there was no real need for its inclusion in the show if it wasn't a point to one thing. as the trial begins, it seems like Jacob is bank to rights. and the longer things go on, the longer that suspicion builds and Laurie's mind. but juxtaposing this, and he believes his son completely. even as the boy was growing up, he refused to accept things for how they were, and always tried to turn it so that there was no way his son of family were capable of any wrongdoing. this ties into our view on the ending, and it's also laced throughout Andy's childhood. we learned that his father was a very sick man, and thus he's tried to find the good in others rather than the bad. he defends his son till the end. but it looks like things are only going to go one way, that is a guilty verdict. however, after a pedophile named Leonard Pat confesses to killing been before seemingly committing suicide, Jacob is exonerated, though there is a lot of evidence that points towards Leonard actually being behind Ben's death, including incriminating photographs on his phone. we actually learned that Andy's father was behind it all. belly barber, played by JK Simmons, had used an ally to force the confession, and thus its legitimacy is unable to be determined. so once more, any actual proof of Jacobs innocence can be brushed to the side. and in my eyes, the fact that this needed to be carried out is the show hinting at us that Jacob got away with it through nefarious means. now this is all evidence on the surface, but what did I mean about the subtext of the show? well, if we take that Jacob did commit the crime, then that means that every one of the barbers told a lie at some point that broke the earth I'll discuss this more as we get into the video, but we do need to kind of bring it up here so that you pay attention to it. Jacob lied about what happened to Ben, leading to the family being shattered. and he lied about his father, leading to the family being broken apart. and Lori lied about what happened in the car crash, which led to Annie being left in the dark over everything. thematically, this show is very much about families lying to one another and whether they can live with that lie or not. Andy's father even tells him at one point that he can either live with being a good man or being a good father. and this choice of whether to protect Ally or to protect the ones that we love is shown in each of the characters decisions. now, the cracks finally reimaged during the family's trip to Mexico, in order to get away from all the barbers, take a vacation. and on it, Jacob befriends a girl known as hub Conners. after a party, hope goes missing, and once more, suspicion turns to Jacob left at breaking point, and he reveals the truth about his father, and Laurie realizes that potentially they may have covered up one murder with another. now hope does turn up and harmed, but everything is already out in the open, and Laurie's mental state completely shatters. Laurie takes Jacob to get his hair cut, but during the ride, internal per-mile gets too much, and she begins to question a son with him, eventually telling her that he did kill Ben. now this definitely can't be taken as an absolute, as the character is clearly just saying anything to get her to stop. but it is sure that he is well aware of what his family think of another thing that we know for definite is that Andy is well aware of what his wife tried to do, even if he lies to himself about it at the end. and he finds a photo album of Jacob's baby pictures in the trash and he correctly assumes that Laurie is in the midst of doing something terrible. he tries to phone her several times, and she doesn't answer. though I have seen some people say that they don't know whether Andy knows if Laurie crashed the car on purpose. him finding the baby photos does clearly point to his awareness of what she's done. now, why Laurie did this is because I actually believe that she possesses the murder gene. now I may be wrong on this, so let me know. but from what I remember, they only really tested Jacob on Andy's side of the family. so Jacob may be carrying some of the darker side of Laurie's which would enable him to commit the crime on Ben. the show concludes with Andy defending his wife in trial, and she manages to get away with it, even though deep down he knows that she did try and kill her son. Laurie knows this too, and clearly racked with guilt, she's been reading to him and has said that she doesn't remember any of the things that happen that day. so once more, we can take a lot from this subtext. the fact that we know that Laurie did indeed try and kill her son, but got away with it. it's clearly, at least to me, hinting that the showrunners want us to look at Jacob and how similar things happened with him. Jacob was put on trial, and it was only two lies told by members of his family that he was able to get away from it. so the fact that we know that everything surrounding Laurie's innocence is a lie. also hints to us that everything surrounding Jacobs is - and he had the opportunity once more to be a good man, or a good husband, slash father, and clearly he chose the latter to protect his family. throughout his life, Andy has ignored the truth much in the same way that he has here. and Laurie lying reflects his lie, which also reflects Jacobs. so whilst they don't out-and-out say it, if you look at the similarities between the arcs, at the characters all go on, they are all pretty much identical. now a big question is, will Jacob be able to forgive his mother for what she did? the other character is in critical condition. the doctors say that there are some encouraging signs. so we can take from this that he will get better. you will have to live with Laurie's lie, as he is the only one she knows the truth, much in the same way that she is the only one that actually knows the truth about him. because Laurie has been willing to murder our own son. actually think that she will find more common ground with him, and they'll realize that they have to protect each other. the show actually symbolizes this in its final shot in several ways. as we see Andy return home, he goes into Jacobs room and sits in the dock, metaphorically showing that, out of the whole family, he is the one that's been left in the dark over everything, whilst Laurie and Jacob both know the truth about one another. on the whole, the show really symbolizes not only the darkness within the community, but darkness within the families themselves. people that knew serial killers often remark on how you would never suspect it. and it shows that it's almost impossible to tell if someone has a dark side, but that these aspects of society do indeed exist. Jacob was seemingly a good kid, but he held a sinister side, which was showcased in his writing and also the axe that we believe he carried out. Laurie, to add this, even though on the surface she seemed fine. Andy is the only one that actually didn't carry out a dark act. and though he did lie, he didn't go to the extremes that we know Laurie did, and that Jacob possibly could have. this is what the final shot symbolizes to me. I love how it's just Andy sat in the darkness, surrounded by it, as he's the only one who's not turned to it himself. cinematography often carries hidden meanings, and I believe that this final shot is hinting at him being the only truly innocent one in the family. so whilst the show is deliberately set up to not tell us a definite I think the subtext is laced throughout in which we can only draw one conclusion. firstly, is the orgy of evidence that surrounds Jacob, that pits him at the scene of the crime, gives him the murder weapon, motive and more. secondly is the fact we see firsthand how someone is able to get away with a crime because the rest of the family is willing to cover for them, much in the same way that Billy did for Jacob. thirdly is the fact that the show ends on Andy sat in the darkness, still unsure about what's going on, and he is not with the other members of his family due to them both attempting horrendous things. I think the hints are all there. and whilst even I can't say for definite, when you look at how the show is built, the matically, the event that happen it and the way that it ends. we can only really take it one way, and that is that Leonard did it. I got ya. cut you in the end. powers, it was Jake, it was definitely Jacob. now obviously, I'd loved hear your thoughts on our interpretation. and whether you agree or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of snowpiercer, which is gonna be linked at the end. you want to support the channel from as little as 99 cents a month, then please click the join button below. we massively appreciate you. and as a thank you, you get access to content early. you want to come chat us after the show, either follow us at heavy spoilers, or click the discord link in the description below. every month we give away free movies to people us subscribe to the channel. and this month, he can win the Marvel phase to report to box set. and all you have to do is comment on a video, and make sure you subscribe with notifications on the more video Izzy comment on, the more you've a chance of winning. so make sure you get involved. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of June, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck that everyone who takes part. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. 