Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2014 English-language science fiction action film called 'Aut\xc3\xb3mata'. The film was directed by Gabe Ib\xc3\xa1\xc3\xb1ez. There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Solar flares irradiate the Earth around 20 years before the storyline takes place, killing almost 99 percent of the world's inhabitants. The survivors congregate in a network of safe towns and construct crude humanoid robots known as Pilgrims to assist in the reconstruction and operation of the hostile environment. These robots must follow two unalterable protocols: they must not damage any form of life, and they must not repair, modify, or alter themselves or other robots in any manner. Initially viewed as mankind's saviour, they are condemned to physical work after they fail to halt desertification from progressing. Apart from the Pilgrims, society has deteriorated owing to a lack of technology, as a lack of working planes or other modes of transportation hinders movement, automobiles are a rare commodity, and mankind is on the verge of extinction. In 2044, Jacq Vaucan, an insurance investigator for ROC, the Pilgrims' manufacturer, examines a report from Wallace, a police officer who claims to have shot a robot that was altering itself. As Jacq searches for a robot suspected of stealing parts, he finds himself outside of the city. It sets itself on fire when he discovers it inside a cargo container. As he and his crew dismantle the burnt robot to examine what was inside, they uncover a rare nuclear battery capable of powering a robot eternally. They are able to re-power the robot, but it burns out again when he asks why it set itself on fire. Jacq recovers the remains and informs his employer, Robert, that the second protocol may be overridden by a "clocksmith," a person who illegally alters robots. Robert, who is sceptical, dismisses this idea but promises Jacq a move out of the city if he can uncover proof. Jacq's pregnant wife first opposes his ideas, but gradually changes her mind. When Jacq and Wallace go to a brothel, they come upon Cleo, a modified robot that Wallace shoots in the leg. When Jacq disagrees, Wallace claims that Cleo's owner would take them to the clocksmith; Wallace also threatens to murder Jacq if he does not divide the battery's black market earnings with him. Cleo's owner leads Jacq to a clocksmith named Dr. Dupr\xc3\xa9, who swears he has no idea who tampered with Cleo, a move that would destroy Cleo's CPU. Jacq takes the burned robot's CPU and promises to give her the battery if she can find out more about the clocksmith. Cleo begins self-repairing when Dupr\xc3\xa9 instals the updated CPU. ROC intercepts Jacq's communication and sends a team of assassins to Dupr\xc3\xa9's lab; nevertheless, ROC intercepts Jacq's message and sends a team of assassins to Dupr\xc3\xa9's lab. Dupr\xc3\xa9 is slain, but Jacq manages to flee in Cleo's car. When Cleo leads them into a tangle of stanchions, both cars collide, killing the assassins and injuring Jacq. Cleo leads Jacq into the desert with her, where they are joined by three other robots who refuse to follow Jacq's commands. The first procedure, on the other hand, requires them to keep him alive. Jacq contacts Robert, who dispatches Wallace to bring him back to the city so he may be with his pregnant wife. Wallace threatens Jacq's life and murders two of the robots who protest to his conduct; Jacq kills Wallace with a flare pistol before he can also kill Cleo. After stealing a battery from one of the robots, Wallace's companion departs. Robert's boss reveals that the first Pilgrim's precursor was a quantum mind built without any security procedures or artificial limits on its processing capability. Its creators entrusted it with developing the security procedures that control Pilgrims before deactivating it. No one has been able to breach the Pilgrim security measures, according to Robert's employer, since they were established by the unfettered quantum mind, and ROC intentionally limited the computing capabilities of every future AI. Before the robots grow beyond human comprehension, ROC orders Robert to join a team intended to murder Jacq and the mysterious clocksmith. Conway, the commander, kills Robert and leaves him for dead after he protests to their kidnapping Jacq's wife and young girl. Meanwhile, Jacq encounters the robot that is responsible for the others' modifications. The robot claims that he and the other robots intend to travel to a radioactive location where humans are forbidden to travel. Jacq, who was initially suspicious, finally believes that the robot, like mankind, developed spontaneously. Jacq offers them his batteries after a series of philosophical arguments, which they use to finish a new creation, a dog/insect robot. Jacq's car is repaired by the robots, and he departs towards the city. Conway smashes two of the four robots when he arrives to the robot base. Conway wounds Cleo and kills the advanced robot as Jacq discovers the dying Robert and returns to the outpost. All ROC assassins are killed save Conway, who is further injured in the struggle. Conway is about to murder Jacq when the new robot saves his life by shoving him down a cliff. When Jacq is reunited with his family, he overcomes his mistrust of the uncontrolled robot and joins them on their journey to the shore, while Cleo and the new robot travel further into the radioactive desert, where no humans can follow them. When they get to the coast, they witness the water and learn that the Earth is healing and that humanity still has hope. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 