what will happen if a child isn't born with its parents love? the movie my first client, is one aspect of this problem. when children are born without love from their parents, they are at more of a disadvantage than other children. they even become victims of child abuse. my first client is based on a real story, a korean shocked case in 2013 about child abuse. released in 2019, the film, directed by jengyu sung, has successfully captured the tears of all its audiences. a guy, after watching the movie, also shared, the movie made me cry like a little girl. the drama revolves around the lives of sisters, deben and min june, and a heartless father. when their mother dies, one day, dabin's father takes them to meet their future stepmother. the children think that they were preparing to have a new happy life with their mother's care. however, that is just the cover of an evil woman. the husband works far away and leaves the children to live with a stepmother. she gradually reveals her true nature every time during the meal, if dabin's younger brother drops a grain of food, she will beat and strangle the older sister to warn her younger brother. the lives of the two sisters gradually turns into hell. dabin once goes to the police station to ask for the protection of the law. here she meets jung you a lawyer who hasn't found a job, so he is now working temporarily at the child welfare agency. the 10 year old girl can't get much more from the law. the staffs here take the little girl home. and then our ruthless mother steps in and whips on little dabbing. the younger brother, min joon, also can't do anything but silently endure with his sister, though dabin wants to call for help many times, though it seems she feels the futility of this effort. once min june invites his sister to meet jungyeon. through communication and conversation, jung yeob senses something unusual about david. he takes them to eat, to go to the zoo to play in the children's play area. jung yo gives min yoon 50 0001 to set up a date to return and a teddy bear named kim kang of his nephews. before arriving in seoul, both dave and sisters are very fond of jungyeon. [Music]. when they return home, their stepmother, jisook, discovers jung yeob's business card. so dabin has suffered his mother's blows again. it is worth mentioning here that it turns out the father also knows the story, without interfering. the next day, dabbing faints in the classroom. jung yob is watching the house in seoul when he gets a call from the school saying dabin wants to see him. talking to the teacher, he seems to have learned that dabin is abused regularly in the hospital. cabin begs him to take the two sisters away. but jung yeob, even if he wants to help, is helpless because the law does not allow it. he goes to meet their stepmother and even dabin's father, but what he receives is just indifference. [Music]. goes to seoul to work. the little girl, dabbing, can't call him. she is completely desperate. it seems that the last ray of hope in the 10 year old girl's life has disappeared. while the two sisters are talking, the stepmother enters and discovers a 50 000 wan note in minjun's hand, assuming minjun steals her money, this evil stepmother forces dabin to punish her younger brother like jee suk does with her. the impotent slaps of the little girl will make jesuook even crazier. rushing to beat min june, the seven-year-old boy's cries echo throughout the region. the neighbors all seemed too familiar to hear, but did not take any action. dabin takes a torn fifty thousand one note in her hands desperately, and the little girl faints. the next day, jung yog receives news that min june steals money from his mother. dabin wants to get it back, so she accidentally beats her brother to die. remembering that he used to give min june 50 0001. he is sure that there is a stepmother's involvement. he regrets much when he ignores dabin's calls for help. the day before, the information that a 10 year old girl kills her younger brother shocks korea. jung yeob knows this isn't true and wants to help. but debin received guilty to herself wherever. dabin, on the other hand, is being watched by the people around her. jisook now plays the role of a good mother in front of the world and takes dabin to go shopping, though she has done something unforgivable. back to the gloomy room with painful memories. minjoon is gone. dabin can only confide in the little bear that jungyou gave her, and it turns out that the stepmother has made her confess. the next day, the mother throws away all of dabbin's things, including the bear jung yo gave her. she sees, but can do anything. luckily, a little neighbor boy sees and keeps it for dabbing. jung yeob asks his law firm in seoul to intervene, but fails. he immediately leaves his job and goes to daphne. but davin's heart is already cold now. she doesn't say a word to him. feeling guilty as a part of himself, jung yog is deeply hurt. he reaches out to the sister at the child protection center to help her legally. after receiving a call from the court, ji suk frantically intends to continue assaulting dabin. but luckily, the phone call interrupts. dabin is still alive, knowing dabon no longer wants to meet him. jung yeob asks the neighbor boy to bring her gifts every day. one day, dabin opens a pile of gifts, including a recorder with words jung-yo wants to send her. he tells his heartbreak and says he always waits for dabbin at the bridge. the day before, she is about to run to meet jungyeo, but encounters her stepmother. dabbin tries to escape into the room, but can't escape from her stepmother. she hears the recording and hits dabbing almost to death. the neighbor boy hears and calls jung yoob. immediately, he rushes to dabbin's house, just in time to stop the imminent death and take her away. this scene is painful. i can't hold back my tears either. after that, jesuok is brought to court. she shows a pitiful innocence in court, and along with that, is dab in silence after her father's naughty this is very unfavorable for her, causing jung yeob a very huge headache. at this point, he accidentally hears that the bear he gave minjoon could record the video. he searches for a whole day in the garbage, but cannot find it. on the other hand, dabin, in court, still refuses to say a word because of the obsession from his father's threat. jung yoob is very worried and advises dabbing, but fails. fortunately, the neighbor boy brings the bear to jungyou. dabin meets the bear kim kang again. she hugs and cries. only then davin speaks. it hurts so much to hear [Music] through each jungyeob lead, dabin finally speaks the truth. at the same time, a video of the violence of a child is presented as evidence in court and successfully accuses the stepmother. a child only seven years old, still innocent like that, had to suffer blows from the cruel stepmother and a resentful death. everyone who watches must unintentionally shed tears. [Music]. from here we also realize a part of social responsibility. loose laws have resulted in adult indifference to children who have been abused. they know, but dare not come out to help, because they know they can't do anything. so everyone is the same, just silently watching innocent children being brutally abused aside from hope, a 2013 film, also based on a real case that shook south korea, about children's issues. my first client is a lighter dose, but will still make you to where you can't hold back the tears 