welcome to slash forward. in this episode, we're gonna become unsettled exploring some off-the-beaten-path cosmic horror with the 2016 film the void. let's get to it. we open on a little slice of American life, a scene of chaos, murder and cultish behavior. a young man is forced into adulthood for unknown reasons by dousing a young woman, while an unidentified man escapes into the woods. then they start a bonfire in as they leave, we see they're being watched. we then observe some scenes establishing these events as transpiring in a small, sleepy town, so sleepy that even the sheriff is taking a streetside snoozer. he comes to attention with his radio crackles to life just in time to witness a strange man emerging from the woods. upon closer inspection, he realizes this isn't some drunk teen so he hits the Cherry's and transports him to the closest, secluded rural hospital. they wheel him back. as we learned, the hospital is only occupied by a handful of spunky small town characters. they sedate the patient for observation. having limited resources, as they're preparing to move to a new facility due to a recent fire. once he's calmed, everyone settles in for a long night. we learned that officer Carter and Allison have a relationship that fell apart due to the loss of their child. dr. Powell, who has suffered a similar tragedy, offers Carter some perspective. as Carter wanders the halls, he hears nurse Beverly weeping in a nearby room, and walks in to find her performing a variety of elective procedures. don't do that. I mean, just think of the cost. she seeks his help in a way that requires him to draw down and discharged his firearm. Carter tries to regain his composure, ends up napping again. after a brief scene of cosmic rebirth, he awakens and tries to walk it off. he encounters state trooper Mitchell, who happens to be there in relation to the unknown suspect who is wanted for questioning about a bloodbath from about 20 miles north. Carter tries to call in the new incident, but can't get through. so he makes another attempt with his car radio. he's amused to find a man and strange clothing lurking in the dark. but the situation turns serious when he's momentarily distracted by the distant sounding of Helms horn, resulting in a ceremonial dagger being slowly inserted into his upper torso he manages to break free and get inside where he's stabilized. and the group comes to find themselves surrounded nearby. oh, we see Beverly's body become a host to nature's majesty that immediately goes for suspect zero, requiring them to modify his location, but there soon infringed upon by his pursuers from the opening. and in the process of trying to verify they have the proper hunting permits, dr. Powell gets his neck poked with a scalpel. then Mitchell gets dragged off by an unspeakable horror. they find him in the hallway being licked up and down, but completely forgetting to say stop. so the new entrants take to this boss, fight with gusto and dismantle Beverly with fire axes. they barely begin to sort out their trust issues when Maggie's contractions compel them to take action. Carter recommends they go for his shotgun, but find his cruiser further off than expected. still, they manage to stock up and just barely make it back. however, their delay prompted Allison to go to the Med closet alone. they leave Kim and Pappy with Maggie as they go in pursuit of Allison, noticing the absence of dr. Powell's corpse along the way. they don't find her at the closet, and opted to head toward the sound of a ringing phone. Carter answers it and recognizes the voice on the other end as dr. Powell calling from the morgue, sounding fantastic given that he was dead, and claiming vaguely to be taking actions intended to help humanity. despite this reassurance, they choose to pursue it further, leaving Kim with a radio and then seeking to squeeze the junkie for Intel. he doesn't know much more than them, but as a reward for his forthright honesty, he's granted the freedom to accompany the men into the basements. they find a staircase that shouldn't be there, and descend, eventually finding a door marked with a pyramid, giving Carter a flashback to his previous visions in which a pyramid was looming, and they enter. meanwhile, we learned that dr. Powell feels the power of life and death coursing through him and has been working on correcting the death problem for some time. the basement, in fact, is full of his lingering mistakes in that endeavor. but he persevered, disgusted by the inanity of nature's machinations, with his ultimate goal of calling his daughter back from the abyss, with Allison's assistance, of course. just outside, the boys light a flare to set the mood rights and make their way through a slaughterhouse filled with hungry beasts of all sorts, along with unending horror and confusion, causing them to get split up. upstairs, Maggie goes critical, so Kim whips out the c-section instruction manual, but doesn't have the gumption to make the cut. Pappy tries to give her one of his patented pep talks, but ends up splitting all over her face. and we learned that this whole time, maggie has been bearing a demon seed in the hope of taking a larger role in dr. Powell's new world order. Carter then finds Allison and fades out of his dramatic daydream to find he's been grasping at nothing but ash and is surrounded by tentacles and finds himself forced to take unimaginably horrible steps to save her from her fate. he then makes it to the final chamber, where dr. Powell welcomes him in and offers him a seat before preparing the final sacrifice. the abyss opens itself to him, and he blesses Maggie's baby with the privilege of becoming a vessel for his daughter. a messy process, but such a beautiful Petey, and she looks just like her daddy. she goes after the father, who slows it down by covering himself an accelerant to be lit on fire, allowing the son to flee inside. distracted by the astral plane, Carter is able to spear dr. Powell into the void. this causes a catastrophic failure of the magical sub-basement, which consumes baby Powell and makes the bad dreams go away, leaving Kim in the Sun as the only survivors. they walk out into the dawn of a new day as Carter and Allison spend their time in the astral realm, pondering a floating pyramid and the nature of infinity. and that was the void. a quaint view of small-town life in the face of cosmic existentialism, packed with phenomenal practical effects, but a plot that may get a bit too mysterious at times for its own good. if you enjoyed the video, I'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. 