welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, aka your friendly neighborhood spoiler man, aka the fantastic bore, aka whack Panther. we have some breaking news on some big characters that may be appearing in the MCU sooner than you think. and throughout this video, I'm just gonna be breaking down the new report that we got from Charles Murphy. make sure you subscribe to the channel for daily breakdowns like this, and don't forget to turn on the bell to never miss a video, otherwise the kid gets it. okay, so according to a report that has just dropped in the last 24 hours, Charles Murphy has said that he has an inside source that stated that Victor Von Doom will be an antagonist in the upcoming film, Black Panther 2. if you've been keeping up to date with rumors surrounding the film, then you'll know that there were reports that Namor was said to be the movie's film and whilst this new report doesn't mention anything about that no longer being the case, it does certainly ship things about so apparently, Namor will still be in the film in some form, earn our there. and though he may initially start out as a villain, throughout the movie, he will go on an arc that sees him becoming an ally of T'Challa. this is similar to how the character is often betrayed in comic books, with Namor pretty much being an antihero at times that often gets put into conflict with the heroes of the Marvel Universe due to his opinions. Murphy says that in the film, Doom is looking to expand his empire, which will see him invading parts of Africa, most notably Wakanda. this will indeed put him at odds with BP. and if Namor is a film for the film, I can't see him realizing that the larger threat is doom, unless he will form an alliance with Wakanda in order to put an end to the bigger threat. now there was mention of an underwater earthquake in Avengers endgame off of the coast of Wakanda. that could indeed be highlighting that something is going on in the ocean. and if this is a setup for Namor and Atlantis, and then later doom, I think he'll be a great way to go. the arrival of doom also heralds the introduction of the Fantastic Four. and though there is no confirmation on Marvel's first family making an appearance in the film, if doom is there, then I think that this would be a smart way to bring the characters into the universe. for those who don't know what Black Panther actually debuted in Fantastic Four 52 back in 9 in 66. so it would be a nice little switch up to have them debut in this film as a way to kind of reference his first appearance. movie states that the main inspiration for bp2 will be black panther do more, which was a book in which doom tried to invade Wakanda in order to obtain vibranium, which I can definitely see being a logical motive and a cool way to introduce the character to the Marvel Universe. Murphy did say that this is a rumor for now, and that he has been unable to verify it by a second source. but he does say that the person that provided him this information has been right in the past, so as him now, just keep your eyes peeled for updates on the story as we go ahead. now, make sure you say look to the channel for all of the news on the movie as we get it. and obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this rumor, and if it's something that you'd like to see, also let me know which actor you want to see play doom. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and don't forget to check out our breakdown of the recent chadwick boseman and Russo brothers film, 21 bridges, which would be linked at the end. we go over everything that you need to know about the movie. so it's definitely worth checking out. if you want to know more, you want to come chat to me after the video that make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey. right over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free to join, and we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. also, giving away a free copy of the Marvel phase 3, part 2, boxer on blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war and Game Captain Marvel and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video. make sure that you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the dr. doom news in the comments section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of December, and the cell be shipped out from then to ever get surprised. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 