survivors of a nuclear attack are grouped together for days in the basement of their apartment building, where fear and hunger drives them insane and turns them into animals. welcome to total recaps. today we will explain a 2011 mystery sci-fi title the divide. get ready for some spoilers. take a seat and enjoy. the movie is set in new york city, which has been destroyed in a devastating nuclear attacks. residents race down the stairs into the basement to seek for shelter. eight residents managed to enter the bunker before mickey, the janitor closes the door. mickey is the one who created the bunker the way it is now, and down there he is the boss. while mickey maintains control of the bunker, the group adjusts to the cramped confines. no one can leave since radiation might kill them in seconds and expose everyone else to danger. sam wonders if it was a nuclear weapon at all. mickey responds affirmatively, blaming other cultures. eva inquires whether anyone has a signal. adrian had already attempted, but failed. mickey takes everyone on a tour of the basement, the storage cells his quarters and the restroom. when bobby complains the toilet is disgusting, mickey responds it's because they're trying to save water. mickey donates his canned bean supply to feed everyone. people start to feel claustrophobic and trapped. josh and bobby decide to leave on their own, but mickey gets an axe and swings it at joshua. he won't let anyone open those doors. the situation becomes tense between mickey, josh and bobby. after a couple of days, while mickey is preparing the beans, josh laments the fact that he eats the same garbage every day. mickey tells them he feeds them with his limited supplies. and then sam bursts, saying he is focused on stupid beans while people are roasted outside. mickey slaps him and shows him who is the boss. wendy becomes upset, so mickey calms her down with a magic trick. suddenly, a noise can be heard coming from the other side of the door. someone is coming. so mickey orders to turn off the lights. some become hopeful, believing it is a rescue operation and they will finally be rescued. delvin thinks something bad is coming and escapes the area. four unknown men in hazmat suits enter the room armed with radiation detectors and rifles. maryland is rendered unconscious, and young wendy is kidnapped and carried out of the bunker. they do not respond to any of the group's questions. the group disperses, and the intruders open fire. one intruder takes control of their water supply. mickey stabs one of the intruders, then takes up his gun and shoots another in the back. mickey forces the enemy to leave. he illuminates the room and secures the door with a chain. adrian is shot in the arm and is profusely bleeding. it is obvious that eva likes adrian, although she came here with sam, who is in love with her. eva eventually locates sam, who is traumatized. the group speculates on the identity of the aggressor. they suspect they are actually american, not some foreigners like they previously thought. marilyn has awoken and is attempting to exit the bunker in order to retrieve her daughter. as everyone attempts to pacify her, she spirals out of control and is locked in one of the rooms. later, the group decides to track down wendy. josh agrees to dress up a hazmat suit. when they open the bunker, they discover that the area has been completely sealed off by material tunnels leading to some sort of laboratory where he observes additional intruders. they have preserved body parts and hair baskets. children are being incubated in the next room. and he discovers wendy with her eyes taped. at that point, the intruder approaches and deprives josh of oxygen. he escapes the lab and shoots several of them, but drops his gun in the process. josh is distraught and describes what he saw. marilyn's heart is broken as he apologizes to her, the door makes noises. they are being welded in by intruders. josh begins to experience radiation related side effects. evo approaches adrian and they have an emotional talk. they are about to kiss, but sam appears and catches them in the act. people are accepting the fact they are staying in the bunker for a while, so they start to form relationships, it seems. marilyn becomes intimate with bobby, that way she thinks less about her lost daughter. later, delvin visits mickey's room and starts asking him about his intentions and about the bunker. mickey sends him out, but delvin complains to the others. they immediately visit mickey and take over his room, saying it is theirs. now mickey is enraged and is thinking about revenge. as the time goes by, the bunker residents are thinking their own ways hot to kill boredom. marilyn, who is intimate with bobby, tells eva that she should sleep with josh, because that way she would secure her safety from the other men who soon might take advantage of her in this crazy situation. one day, as they were arguing, mickey punches josh, which makes josh, bobby and adrian angry. and they want to punish him for his cocky attitude he had since the very beginning. delvin pulls out a taser and approaches mickey. delvin discovers his hidden safe chamber and insists that mickey open it. a scuffle develops, and mickey shoots devlin. eva is nearby, and she witnesses everything. mickey's plea of self-defense is dismissed, and the mob knocks him out and ties him to a chair. josh and bobby start to torture him in order to get the combination for his safe. they amputate his finger, and he reveals the code. they open the chamber and see plenty of supplies in there. they lock mickey in the isolation as a punishment. bobby and josh have taken control over the bunker and are torturing maryland, physically and mentally. bobby humiliates marilyn as josh expresses his desire for eva. eva and sam try, but fail, to defend maryland from josh and bobby. eva cannot stand it anymore and has a nervous breakdown. sam consoles her at first, but then he jumps her and wants more, but she refuses. marilyn has also gone mad and has only boys on her mind. josh and bobby continue to take advantage of merrell and bad mental condition after they took advantage of her. marilyn approaches eve with a depressed look on her face. eva is assigned to watch mickey, and he reveals that there is a gun hidden in his safe room. when eva asks sam, to assist her in obtaining the pistol. sam chastises her. later, eva is challenged to a game of truth or dare in exchange for food rations. she chooses and accepts truth. she says yes when asked if she loves sam, sam speaks and josh yells at him and tells him to go chop up delvin's body. he fails to cut delvin, despite bracing himself. eva is horrified after josh and bobby push her to do it. later, josh and bobby shave their heads after losing their hair due to radiation caused illness. bobby is sad because of his ugly looks. he puts on cosmetics and wears a woman's robe. mickey tells eva that there is another exit from the bunker, the septic tank. eva tries to steal the gun, but she can't get past crazy bobby and josh. and she even discovers marilyn's body. they have both battered her to death. eva decides to make a distraction to get to the gun. she turns of the lights to lure bobby to the switches and visits josh, pretending like she will sleep with him, as she is doing that sam will steal the gun for them. sam tries to enter the locked chamber, but the code has been changed. bobby catches him and stops him. while eva is still amusing josh, unaware he is here for the gun, bobby unlocks the door and send then discovers the gun, which he drops, and bobby attempts to seize sam kicks bobby and snatches his gun. josh tries to push himself on eva, but she manages to get away with the help of adrian, with a gun in his hands. sam shoots adrian because of eva, who fell in love with adrian. sam is beaten by josh, but bobby wants to shoot him, when eva uses a can lid to cut his throat. eva rushes to set mickey free, and he then shoots josh, who sets himself on fire as well as the whole place. sam and mickey are trying their best to put out the fire, but eva has enough and leaves the shelter. she puts on the hazmat suit and bursts through the toilet and into the septic tank below. eva makes her way out of the septic tank and into the ruins of the city. at the very end of the movies, she is seen wandering around the devastated streets of new york. thank you for watching. if you want to see more, make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications. see you later. 