[Music] whilst how to train your dragon'. the hidden world is the third film in the franchise, in many ways, it feels like a first outing, with many aspects of the series being revitalized in interesting and enjoyable ways. there's a lot to unpack for fans of the franchise, and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the movie and its ending. there will be heavy spoilers here in regards to the film. so if you don't want to know anything about How to Train Your Dragon 3, and I highly suggest that you turn off now, don't forget to stick around until the end to hear my thoughts on the movie, as well as Whiteoak from the film. without the way, I'm definition. and welcome to the channel where I watch it, so you don't have to. the film opens with hiccup and toothless infiltrating a dragon trapper ship to rescue the captured dragons in order to set them free and allow them to come and live on birth. hiccup has been filling in the role of chief since his father's death, but he really battles with the feeling that he may not be fulfilling his father's footsteps. in addition to this, Berk has become massively overcrowded due to the sheer amount of dragons that now populate it. and in the film, The Villages set out to find a new home where the two species can coexist peacefully. from here, we are introduced to the villain of the piece, who is a notoriously evil dragon slayer called grimille. the grisly criminal believes that he has slayed every last one of the night Furies. and he thinks that humans and Dragons shouldn't coexist, as the former is superior to the latter. when he's informed by warlords about toothless, he sets out when I've been dead a throughout the film, that eventually leads to him and hiccup going head to head. early on, grimille uses a white Night Fury, or a light fury, as it eventually comes to be called, to lure toofus to him. the dragons fall in love, and the light fury helps to first tap into its hidden potential, as well as leading him to a world of hidden dragons. unfortunately, grimille finds the villagers and captures toothless, light fury and the other dragons. criminal brings the dragons to the Warlord's but tells them that he plans to Koufos for himself. luckily, the heroes dive in to the rescue. have managed to steer the dragon trapper ships into each other, causing now to sink. hiccup and grimille take to the skies, with the former attempting to free the light fury, and with her and toothless as health, hiccup is able to send grimille to a watery grave. with the Birkins winning the day, they go to celebrate their victory. but it's at this point that hiccup realizes that it's time to let toothless go. this is the real conclusion of the trilogy, with the two realizing that, though they love each other, it's time to allow one another to go and be with their own people. this is because humanity isn't mature enough to coexist with dragons, and by remaining in each others worlds, there will only be danger. even though the two characters are friends and want to live with each other, they bid farewell and go off on their own. it's a real tear-jerking moment that feels like the best way to send the two off from one another, but the revelations don't in there. hiccup and Astrid get married, and after a couple of years, they have summoned daughter and ride out on a boat the hidden world to discover that, mirroring this, the light, fury and toothless have gone on to have their own children. there's lots of callbacks to the original film in their meeting, and it really feels like an outstanding way to close off the trilogy. hiccup vows to keep the secret of the dragons safe and to allow humanity to think that they are gone for good, with only the berkians knowing that they still exist. he hopes that one day that they may be able to return to when the two species could live together in peace. and this brings the film and trilogy to a close. and now on to my review. How to Train Your Dragon. the hidden world is very much a metaphor for learning to let go. and what makes it so perfect for audiences is that children will be able to put themselves in the shoes of toothless, whilst parents will be in the position to pick up both characters have to give something up so that the other can move on and continue forward. and the piece is very much about accepting that sometimes we have to give something up that we love, that someone else to be happy. the hidden world itself is a utopia, and hiccup would forever be holding toothless back from this paradise, if he chose to hold on to him forever. similar to this, fans must learn to let go of this franchise too, as it will likely be the last in the series, even though I'm sure people are desperate for a sequel. this film has a real heart to it, and I'm sure many can relate to being in a position where they've had to let something go that they love. this is what elevates it above most animations, and it definitely feels like one of the best movies of the year so far. and whilst it hasn't had much competition, that doesn't mean that the position is undeserved. How to Train Your Dragon, the hidden world is a masterpiece of family-friendly storytelling with many morals and metaphors that can easily apply to modern life. it continues and concludes is excellent trilogy, and is enjoyable from start to finish. because of this, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the movie and what you took from it. make sure you leave your review in the comments below. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my breakdown of the top three theories on Captain Marvel, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who were mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing they like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you [Music]. 