hello. what's going on guys? welcome back for another show. today I'm gonna show you a comedy, science fiction film, the memoirs of an Invisible Man. nick is a stock analyst who spends most of his life avoiding connections with other people. he visits his favorite bar as usual, where his friend George introduces him to Alice, a TV documentary producer. sharing an instant attraction, they make out in the ladies room and set a lunch date for Friday. the following day, at the seminar held by a laboratory, it leaves the boring presentation and asks the way for the restroom, which accidentally makes a lab technician spill his mug of coffee onto the computer console, causing a dramatic meltdown. everybody inside the building are soon evacuated out for safe except for Nick, who's napping, and so left behind. the entire building seems to explode with blazes. but instead, by the time Nick wakes up, only finds himself surrounded by a bizarre building, which is rendered partially invisible due to the big explosion. he then feels astonished by his invisible look, even in his dress. he tries to ask for help. while people on the ground can't do anything but get shocked by a moving hat hung in the air. Nick is soon transferred to an ambulance. the CIA agents joke about how Nick will spend the rest of his life being quarantined for clothes research, afraid of becoming the research target. the panic, Nick manages to flee away from CIA agents. under the chaos, when the building is turning to be totally invisible, he tries to hell for a ride from a coming truck, but almost got killed. with no choice, Nick has to stun a drunkard and hails for a taxi by use of the drunk man's body. before he finally makes his way home. the CIA agent convinces his supervisor not to notify CIA headquarter, so that they can capture and take use of Nick, who could be the perfect secret agent. the whole accident is covered up by the following news, which enrages Nick extremely. soon realizing he's followed up by agents, nick has to run away from his home under his invisibility and goes at large at a camp. unable to endure the sufferings from invisibility, Nick approaches the laboratory surfer helped to reverse his condition. but the doctor can offer no help because it's just an accident without any scientific explanation at all. Nick soon spotted out by the agents waiting there. he has to run at large again, while the poor professor gets killed later, to keep Nick's invisibility a secret. with nowhere to hide, Nick plans to fight back. he then sneaks inside the CIA headquarter, trying to figure out the agents evil plan against him. unfortunately, he falls into sleep, with the noise accidentally made by Nick. the agent discovers Nick and tries to recruit him as a secret agent. but Nick is disgusted by the idea of him killing people. after a confrontation with the agent, Nick gets away successfully taking him as hostage. Nick later decides to hide far away from the danger, so he stays secretly in his friend Georgia's remote vacation beach house, where he soon got used to his new life. many days later, Jorge arrives at the beach house for the weekend with his friends and Alice. they discover somebody might have hidden in the house, but find nothing. at the night party, Nick tricks a guy making fun of him and sneaks inside Alice's room waiting for the time to tell her the truth. however, he's interrupted by a guy who wants to take over Alice's body with a fake excuse. Nick helps Alice to get rid of a Ladykiller and keeps guard of his loved beauty for the whole night. the next day, Nick phones Alice and tells her to meet him nearby. he and reveals his condition to Alice, resulting in her prompt fading out. after Alice revives and knows the truth, she decides to stay with Nick and help the poor man. later, she farewells George and his friends and stays behind with Nick, planning for a new life. she makes up a physical face for Nick and enjoys a happy dating at a local bar. however, he agents track them down and follow up to the beach house. they are lucky enough to escape the hunting for they've not stayed in the house at critical moment. when being safe, they kissed each other romantically to the rain, which outlines Nick's body figure. the next day, you decide to head for Mexico on train, where the agents follow up and take control of Palace. while Nick is soon shot by a tranquilizer gun. he manages to flee away before he falls into a river the Train. fortunately, Nik survives and struggles his way back to save Alice, hidden, pretends to exchange himself for the safe of Alice. the agent agrees the exchange and puts Alice into a cab, while ordering his men to surround the phone booth where he thinks Nick is. but the man in the phone booth turns out to be Jorge. Nick is disguised as the cab driver. he takes Alice away without longer time for a happy reunion. they get pursued tightly by the agents. being stopped, Nick has to make him invisible with his clothes off, except for his head due to the makeup. under the type chase. Nick washes his head with water, making his head and visible again. the agent follows him up to the building top, where, by taking off his jacket, Nick tricks the agent into thinking that he has become desperate enough to commit suicide. Nick holds the jacket out to his side and pretends to begin to fall, while the agent lunges at the jacket try to save Nick, but ends up plunging off the building to his death. believing her honey, Nick to be dead. it released Alice sorrows for him who reunites with her secretly. they soon leave her somewhere in Switzerland where they are enjoying a peaceful life and welcoming a baby to be born by Ellis mrs. Daniel. CC, movie review, bye. 