have you ever wished you could reshoot your shot with that special someone? what if there was a magical photo booth that let you do that? i know that sounds very specific, but work with me here. that's what happens in 2018's when we first met. well, i may give you my opinion on the film here, that's no substitute for experiencing it yourself. links to the movie are in the description down below. if this doesn't look familiar, then you've never watched another rom-com in your life. this is literally the start of every feel-good rom-com since the early 2000s. i wonder who's the main character of this story? could it be noah standing front and center? again? this is already using every rom-com trope. i bet he learns the true meaning of love by the end too. as we flash back to three years before this waiting reception, we get to see noah's beginning. in this story, a party dude just looking to have a good time bumps into noah, which in turn makes him bump into avery. if this isn't the dream encounter with your true love, then i don't know what is is to make your mouth into a tiny little butthole. this is the best joke they could think of. this is gonna be a long hour and a half. after noah and avery continued to connect throughout the night. avery spills the beans on her favorite drink, which obviously is what he'll hold on to for three years to propel their storyline. that's the one guy that is enjoying this movie so far. poor guy. looks so oblivious, but he's having a great time. after noah and avery realized that they really have no interest in being at the party, noah asks her if she likes jazz, and she in turn answers yes. so now we find ourselves at a jazz club, literally the last place i ever expected this movie to take us to piano. man, it's gonna be great. you're really gonna interrupt one of the most interesting parts of the film so far. they could have had the whole movie be adam devine playing piano to pick up women, and it would have been entertaining. after the two of them go in the photo booth, they have a great experience with what is noah's first photo booth session. later on, avery takes noah to her place, and they engage in an exhilarating night of foosball. i know i was thrown off too, but it's a nice change of the usual story. throughout the night, noah and avery find out more about each other, and the two eventually almost kiss. then we jump to present day at the wedding ceremony, where avery is telling the story of the best night of her life. still, even if the movie is following every stage of a rom-com how-to guideline, you kinda have to feel bad for the guy here. and seeing how his next step is to drink the bride and groom out of house and home. i think we're right to feel like that. i love you. i can't tell if i should be annoyed by him or feel sorry for him. either way, i'm feeling both. after ethan leaves avery with noah, avery tries to bring him back out to her friend carrie so she can take him home. noah tries to play it off like he's fine. even carrie calls his crap, and noah agrees to call an uber. oh, that had my uber on it. this is that nightmare friend that everyone fears showing up at their big event. reluctantly, carey gives noah the right home he needed. and in return, noah spills the beans about being in love with avery. carrie asks why noah would put himself through the misery of going to their engagement party, and noah admits that he was trying to prove something to himself. hold on though, you mean all that solemn celebrating with her wedding dress on and a wedding photographer was only for an engagement party? is there a party for everything? noah tries to replay the facts of what happened that fateful night, but carrie remembers things a different way. i feel like the movie is trying to tell me something at this point, but i'm holding out hope. so let's see how this plays out. noah convinces carrie to help him into the bar, and here we meet noah's friend max. she's not pulling any punches here, no hesitation at all. i bet they go out by the end. noah continues his story from the point we left off on earlier. the moment it looks like they're gonna kiss, avery moves ever so slightly to the side and they hug instead. when he talks about the next day, we see how avery and ethan first met. this movie would be a thousand times more entertaining if drunk noah told it through his eyes. after a much needed heart to heart, carrie realizes that she's had enough of the stories and leaves noah with max. shortly after, max helps drunk noah towards the exit of the club. he sits him down in a photo booth, which brings memories back to noah. in a desperate attempt to feel better, noah unknowingly makes a monumental wish, if only i could have a chance to do everything different, i could be the kind of guy she would want. here we go. sure enough, noah falls asleep during the photos, and when he wakes up, he's back in the past, exactly three years and two days ago, the same day he met avery. as he drives around, he starts to notice that things aren't adding up to what he thought would be the next day. when he gets to the gas station, he notices the date on the newspaper at the front. he asks the clerk what year it is, but he doesn't fully believe him. he doesn't believe the clerk until he asks for a blueberry red bull. and the clerk tells him that red bull only makes one flavor. funny story, the blueberry red bull point here wasn't even in the original script. adam helped come up with it in the rewrites. holy [ __ ]. [Music]. now it's all sinking in. noah runs to what was max's vice president office in his building, but now he's only in a cubicle on the main floor. noah tries to explain to him that he's gone back in time somehow, but max is only focused on his own story. as noah looks out of the office window, he notices carrie taking pictures on the street. as he tries to explain things to carrie, who also thinks he's talking crazy, he starts to piece even more things together. he realizes he still has time to make the move on avery that he didn't before. and then all that means is that i just traveled back in time. i seriously thought he pieced that together back in the gas station. noah runs back to his house and prepares to meet avery all over again. once he's at the party, he pulls out the information he remembers from the first time. mine is grapefruit juice with some vodka and exactly three maraschino cherries. that's my favorite drink, too. that's insane. what he seriously held on to that information for three years, and it just so happens to work here. who has that luck? as the night continues, noah tries to get everything right in this second chance he's been given. what he didn't plan on is carrie coming back to avery's house early. carrie confronts noah about knowing everything, and avery pieces it all together. i mean, you can't blame her for reaching that conclusion. obviously, that doesn't go well, and it ends with carrie bashing noah over the head with a potted plant. as noah gets knocked out on the floor, he simultaneously wakes up back in his bed. he messages avery, thinking that even all of that was just a dream. turns out that he affected his timeline. so now when he shows up for the engagement party, avery sees him as the stalker from three years ago. best part of the movie so far. but what did you expect from avery? after three years of not knowing noah is anything more than a stalker, and he just shows up out of the blue? i'd pepper spray him too. noah runs back to his house to try and piece everything together. and when he comes across the photo booth pictures, he rushes to the photo booth again. next thing he knows, he's transported back three years again. he immediately calls max to help him with his next scheme to get avery. and that night, they go to the party to find her. not before max tries to give noah advice. what's up girl? what's up girl? well, i think we're ready to find our soul mate. that's about the only person that'll still be talking to you after pulling a move like that. max gives noah one last piece of advice, ending in being a jerk to her if all else fails. of course, noah takes that to heart. you are a giant human being-sized. [ __ ], thank you so much for the beer. have a great night. couldn't have said it better myself. [Music], even this guy is tired of partying alone. he made a hype man and responded, i want to party with this dude. somehow this whole chain of events ends up with the two of them running to the bedroom in a frantic hurry. then noah wakes up with frosted tips and avery beside him in bed. three years later, noah thinks that he's accomplished his goal, but when he tries to show affection, avery gets turned off. noah soon realizes that he went full jerk mode, which carried over the three-year gap, resulting in being friends with benefits, but never anything more. oh my god, i went full [ __ ]. yeah, you did, noah. but he tries to redeem himself and put himself in avery's life. that's about as well as we all expected that plan to work, at least in this timeline. noah might have the help of carrie. once he explains to carrie that he really does love avery, carrie seems to take an interest in hearing him out, but the more that she tries to explain things to him, the more noah just runs with what he wants to hear. so he goes back into the photo booth yet again, and wakes up three years earlier. his motivation to be the stable family man for avery takes over, and he applies for a job with max. later on, at the party, noah tries to show he can be supportive and caring by taking care of everyone at the party. after talking to avery, they end up at the jazz bar again, where he explains to her that he's decided to give up his old life to support a more stable office life. and with that, noah is successful. there can't be any backlash to this root, can there? hey, do me a favor, can you look at this on my back for me? sure? what am i looking for? oh, that mole, yeah, i'd get that checked. no, no, look for the knife that you stabbed me in the back with when you stole my promotion. one of the things this movie did well was not just showing how each action affected his relationship with avery, but with everyone else's life too. honestly, i'd forgotten about max. as max explains how noah stole his promotion and his time to shine, he finally lets noah know how he feels about him. now, second favorite part of the movie. there were words exchanged, obviously, but this pretty much sums it all up perfectly. noah quickly realizes that, while he enjoys the spoils of being successful, he's not able to live the life he had hoped for with avery. in a familiar scene, at his engagement party, ethan is found in the bathroom drunk with avery, who's trying to help him, noah agrees to take him home, but on the way, ethan opens up to him the way noah opened up to carrie in the beginning. i'm just gonna, i'm gonna tell you, i might have told avery that i'm in love with her again, an appropriate response. noah plays it off well, but having the shoe on the other foot isn't always a comforting position. even a satisfying moment can turn bittersweet when the wrong words are heard. after listening to ethan in the car, no one decides that it's time to address the fact that avery may never really want him. when he asks carrie why it'll never happen, carrie explains that it's not really love. in an attempt to fix things, noah gives it all up and goes back in time again. weird counter for the movie is that noah actually meets avery at the party six times. it feels like more, but that's the real number. this time at the party, he brings ethan with him and tries to set up avery and ethan a day early in instead, while those two are meeting up, noah ends up at the snack table with carrie. there you go, one for you, one for me. oh, so cute. thank you. scores the whole bottle. oh, it's a match made in heaven. in what seems like a night of way less forced interactions, kerry and noah connect on a level we never get to see between noah and avery. the moment we realize that noah is really okay with everything comes when they go to the jazz club. noah doesn't focus on them for long because carrie sits next to him and starts playing piano with him. this is the match could have saved so much time. when noah wakes up, this time he's in a completely new environment. max walks in, and noah begins to ask questions. he finds out that avery and ethan are back on to be engaged. when he asks about carrie, he finds out that she got back with her ex, and noah ended up alone. in an attempt to follow fate, he rushes over to carrie and spills his heart out. oh, snap. this film is actually not following the classic rom-com skit. i was wrong about this movie, at least this end part. so far as he questions, carrie carrie seems to crack and question things herself. the more noah talks about it, the more sure he seems about his decision as well. so what does he do? sweet innocent chad, he's not wrong, technically. noah finds out that the magic photo booth was actually removed in this timeline. naturally, noah drowns in his sorrows, and avery and ethan show up, of course. now avery mentions that she bought noah the photo booth long before. when noah arrives at his house, he finds the photo booth just waiting for him to go back. as we play through the events of the original timeline, noah finally understands why everything happened the way it did originally. as he flashes forward to avery and ethan's engagement party, he runs into carry. the two of them start to hit it off as though nothing had changed from the previous timeline. and with that, it's a happy ending. after all, it has to end happily. it's a rom-com. even the bittersweet ones end on a positive note. it gets credit for running with the best friend card. the bit of foreshadowing they do is simple, but cool too. while noah uses a photo booth to travel back in time. the woman he ultimately ends up with is, in fact, a photographer. the crew was screaming at us the whole time. that doesn't get used enough. but all in all, this is another run-of-the-mill rom-com. but you know what? everybody needs a good one every now and then. this is one of the better recent ones, so why not give it a shot? i hope you enjoyed the video. if you did like it, leave a like on the video and suggest what i should watch next. subscribe if you want to see more videos like this one. and i'll see you in the next video. 