welcome to the man of recaps. this is shadow and bone season one. meet alina starkov. she's a cartographer, a map maker in the first army of ravka. she's just been transferred to the army base on the border of this gigantic wall of shadow called the fold. alina is an orphan. her parents died when she was young trying to cross the fold. and it essentially cuts eastravka off from the world because they're at war with their neighbors, the fjurdens in the north and the shoe to the south. alina is half shoe, which makes things awkward. and she's been discriminated against her whole life. she had one friend growing up, another orphan malian, ortezev mal. they were inseparable as kids, and he's in the army too. they're still best friends. and he grew up hot. now the army's sending a skiff through the folds to get supplies from west ravka. it's not definitely a death sentence. there's a small chance of survival. but unfortunately, mao's name gets called, oh bad luck. elina's not letting her friend go alone. she burns the maps of the other side so now they've gotta send a cartographer. leading the expedition is agricia. yes, that's the word for wizards. they make up the second army, and they all have one specific power, like fire or wind. and so here we go. we're traveling into the fold. as you might imagine, it's very dark and scary inside. this one guy, in fact, lights a lantern, which is the one thing you're not supposed to do, because the light attracts monsters. oh yeah, the vulcara. and things get out of hand real quick. alina's getting carried off. well, guess the show's over. but wait, what's this? she starts glowing, and boom, pure sunlight energy destroys all these volcara. they turn the boat around and come home so they can bring elena before the leader of the second army. yes, he is a shadow summoner, the black general, the darkling, general kiragan. alina was never tested for magic as a kid, so now general kerrigan pokes her. and indeed, she is the first ever legendary sun summoner. and apparently it's her destiny to destroy the fold and save the world. meanwhile, on the island city of ketterdam, it's a dark and gloomy haven of crime. the young owner of the crow club is kaz brecker, a criminal mastermind type. his friends are jasper, the charismatic, goofy sharpshooter, and an edge, the serious, super stealthy cat burglar type. she just heard about a new job that pays 1 million kruga. yes, this wealthy merchant has a prisoner. he was on the ship, but bailed early, so he made it across to the other side. he fills him in on the existence of a sun summoner. so it's like, hey, if you cross the folding kidnapper, i'll pay you one million kruga. but there's another criminal in town who wants this job, pekka rollins. he's a real bad dude. seems to be the top crime kingpin in the city. and apparently kaz has some sort of personal beef with pekka rollins from something in his past. so he's like, i'm not giving up the job, but that million crew is mine before they can go though. an edge is actually an indentured servant to helene of the menagerie. kaz is going to use some of the million to buy out her debt. but for now he puts up the crow club as collateral. so the crows recruited guy called the conductor, who apparently has a safe way to ferry people across the fold. somehow he built a train that zooms on through, and it is very safe, unless the bulk refined. ya jasper starts freaking out. but luckily, they brought a goat as an emotional support animal. so calmed by the power of the goat, he's able to wham, blast them all off, and they make it through safely. now at the little palace, selena is adjusting to her new life. she makes friends with jenya, a type of grecia called a tailor, who's basically got magic makeup powers. there's combat training in the mornings, but mostly she works with bagra, the old woman who lives in a cave, who tries to teach her how to control her powers. she befriends general kerrigan, who's like, hey, call me alexander. he's a real sad emo guy, because, as a shadow sorcerer, his ancestor, the black heretic, is the one who created the fold. alina comforts him, and around him, her powers are amplified. oh, the sexual tension's off the charts. but what about mal? they both claim to just be friends, but clearly have a crush on each other. she writes some letters every day, but he never responds. she's like, oh, now that i'm a grisha, he must not like me anymore. you know what? forget that guy. i'm the sun summoner, baby. i'm gonna go make out with general hot again. but poor mal has been writing her every day, and she's never responded to his letters. someone's intercepting them. but one day, orders come in from the second army to track down the legendary magical deer. yes, apparently, an ancient grecia used forbidden magic to create these animals out of his own finger bones. any creature that kills them can absorb them into their body and get a huge power boost. mal volunteers. he figures this might be his chance to get back to alina. so with his two best friends, he goes magical deer hunting. but their journey takes them across the beard and border, and, oh, they're attacked. mal survives, but his friends died. but just then, he does find where the magical stag lives. so he goes to the little palace like, yo, i found your deer. kiergen's like, cool, man. show me where. but he's like, yo, i wanna talk to elena first. but mal's gonna have to wait, because tonight there's a big, fancy party going on where elena's showing off her son summoner powers to all the foreign diplomats. and a sun summoner is no normal grisha. it's like part of their whole religion. they call her saint elena. and who snuck into this party? it's the crows. they send the conductor to sneak into her secret changing room and grab her. but, oh, he's not grabbing her. he's assassinating her. but that wasn't alina. it was a body double queen, amidala style. and in fact, kaz knew the conductor was going to do that, and set him up over in west ravco, with the fold separating them from the capitol. there's an independence movement going on. kaz saw that general meet with the conductor. the two guys that profit from the fold existing don't want the sun summoner taking it down. so now the crows can kidnap her for real. but general kirigan comes up with some flowers like, i'll escort the lady myself. and these two sneak off for some mid-party hanky-panky. oh, naughty. but just then they get the news someone tried to assassinate her. so kyrgen's like, wait here. i'll be right back. but sneaking in through the secret passage is bagra. like, yo, girl, come with me. she's like, oh, kyrgan's just playing you. he's secretly evil. and i know this because i'm also a shadow summoner. i'm his mom. turns out he's not the descendant of the black heretic. he is the black heretic. yes, he is the immortal darkling. wow. he doesn't want to destroy the fold. he needs her powers to help him control it. so it's like, you got to get out of here. and so jasper, having seduced a stable boy, is waiting outside with the getaway carriage. one who should show up, but their target, the sun summoner, looking for a carriage to hide in. well, that was a freebie, and the crow's failed mission somehow succeeded. now there's no better time to take a break for the story of nina zenik. she's a type of grecia called a heart renderer, that can like manipulate your body stuff and make you feel all happy. but heart renders are also skilled combatants. they can rip you apart from the inside. but nina's ambushed by some feared and grisha hunters, the druskela, who take her prisoner. and this poor actress spends most of the season freezing cold, soaking wet, chained up on a boat. this one guy, matthias, is kind of nice to her, even though he still thinks she's an evil witch. but when the boats sunk in a storm, they have to work together, titanic style to survive. they end up snuggling for warmth. and long story short, he realizes she's not an evil witch, she's a nice girl. and they fall in love. they're gonna run off together and travel the world. but, oh, he falls asleep. yes, her old grecia comrades are here to rescue her, but she's like, no, i don't need to be rescued. he's nice, but run enough to fall in love with the enemy is not acceptable. so she pulls a bold move and yells out that he's a slaver. and there's some slaver hunters here looking to collect on the bounty. so they get away from the grisha. they'll figure out the rest later. but when matthias wakes up, as you can imagine, he's pretty upset. he assumes she's been playing him this whole time. she's like, no, but tyus, i really do love you. i'll sort this out. but he, oh, wants nothing to do with her anymore. so sad. so now back to the main plot. alina realizes she's accidentally kidnapped herself. she blasts them with some sunrise though, and escapes. and, long story short, is found by mal the master tracker. yeah, orphan friends reunited. if you're old enough that the notebook is a relevant reference, it's that scene where she's all like, why didn't you write me? and he's like, i did write you every day for a year. i said all sorts of super cool romantic stuff like, you're my true north. they don't have a wet, sloppy kiss in the rain, but they do hug it out. they realize they have to go hunt that stag before the darkling does, so he doesn't get a huge power up. they track it down. alina's gonna shoot it, but she's like, wait a second. i think i don't have to kill it to get its power. let's see if i can try befriending it. and, oh, it looks like it's working. but what? oh, just then the darkling shows up and no hesitation, kills that deer. he's like, hey elena. it's too bad you found out i'm the bad guy. i was hoping we could be lovers and friends while i manipulate you into following my evil plan. but for now it's plan b. he puts the stag antlers around her neck and the bone in his hand, and they manage to fuse him together. what gross. and boom. now he can control her son, summoner powers. so they travel back to the fold, ostensibly to destroy it. elena's reunited with her makeup friend, but turns out she was working for keira again the whole time. in fact, she tells us she just poisoned the king so kiragan could take control. although apparently it's the king's creepy religious advisor who's now running the country. uh. we've only met him briefly, but he seems like a weird dude. but she's like, look, alina, kerrigan's not evil. he's just fighting for grisha rights above all else. and indeed, we get his tragic backstory where he had glorious long hair, but the king at the time was hunting down grisha and killed his girlfriend in front of him. no, he made a plan to use forbidden magic to create an army to fight back, but his mom's like, yo, it's forbidden for a reason. it's too dangerous. he didn't listen though, and when they came for him, he tried to use shadow magic, boom, to turn them into monsters under his control. but he lost control, and, wow, splooged out the entire fold. he tries to tell elena he's a good guy, but it's like, yo, maybe you had good intentions, but i mean, you've clearly become a villain. he's like, fine. i don't need your help anyway. you'll forgive me eventually. yeah. these two, by the way, are the only immortal grisha. so he figures in a few hundred years, they'll get over this little speed bump and they'll be back together. and now it's time. we're going back into the fold with sun summoner powers under his control. wow, makes a big tunnel safely through the whole thing. on the other side, the rebellious army's ready to fight for independence. but wait, what's this? the darkling, oh, pushes the shadow forward and gulps the whole town. yes, he has no interest in destroying the fold. he's going back to his original plan, use it as a weapon to conquer the world in the name of grecia. now, the crows naturally snuck on board, and they meet mal who's knock on board too. and they team up to try to take kyrie down, but he retracts the sunlight around him. so now, oh, they got volker to deal with herrigan's like, don't fight against melina. join me on the dark side. but she grabs his hand and, oh, a knife pops the bone out. yes, turns out, even though he killed the stag, it actually gave her its power first. so, blam, super stag power up. and as part of that, she fully absorbs the stag necklace into her i guess that's how it's supposed to happen. and so her two boyfriends are duking it out for the final showdown. but kerrigan makes a tactical error. takes too many steps back. and while the volcker swoops in and eats him. so the gang makes it out okay. but alina realizes she's not strong enough to destroy the fold yet. and with the creepy guy ruling ravka now it's probably not safe to go home. they're going to go into hiding for a bit. and edge is actually very religious. she's like, yo, saying to lena, i'm traveling with you. i'll be your bodyguard. casbrecker's like, yo, i'd still really love to kidnap you though, and get that million dollars. but alina has the million dollar heirloom necklace, like, hey, what if i pay you this to not kidnap me? so they're gonna all travel together back to ketterdam, where pekka rollins is gonna try to kill him. don't worry though, kaz always has a plan for this one though. he's gonna need a heart render. and guess what? ship they're on, the one with nina zenik. wow. plotline's gonna converge. and as for alina and mal they're ready for whatever ventures await them, as they're gonna eventually save the world. but at the fold, the darkling has survived, and he's learned a new trick. he can now create shadow monsters and bring them out. and that's where shadow and bone, season 1 comes to an end. if you like this recap, hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of tv and movies. and if you loved this recap, check out the join button and support the channel as a member. 