welcome to the man of recaps. this is better call Saul. season 2. in the future, saul goodman's hiding out as the manager of a Cinnabon. he gets the door locked on him one day in the trash room, and he could use the emergency exit, but he can't deal with the cops, so he has to wait till someone comes through. but back in the present, which is in the past, Jimmy McGill has just turned down a great job offer at a law firm to be a full-time con artist. his crush, Kim Wexler, is harshing on his buzz, but he's like, yo, babe. look, I was born to be a con artist. see that stockbroker over there? well, hey, me and my sister just came into a bunch of money. we don't know anything about investing. so they get him to buy $100 shots of tequila and stick him with the bill. the excitement is kind of a turn-on for Kim. so these two hook up and basically are dating from here on out. but Jimmy got that out of his system, and he decides to take the amazing job at Davis and main. he gets his own corner office. in a sweet company car, although the cup holder doesn't quite fit his favorite mug. meanwhile, Mike Ehrmantraut got a recurring job as a bodyguard for this nerdy pharmacist selling pills to nacho. but one day, dude shows up in the coolest car I've ever seen, and Mike's like, yo, there's no way I'm going to a drug deal in this thing. so pharmacist decides to go alone. nachos like a nice car, and without Mike there watching his back, he just checks the guy's address and boom, obviously, breaks in, steals all the drugs, and the guy is dumb enough to call the cops because nacho also stole his prized baseball card collection. of course, the cops immediately suspect he's a drug dealer. and Mike's like, wow, you idiot. I'll take care of this. so he finds that nachos dad runs a car upholstery business, and he's like, yo, man, you got to give him the baseball cards back. he's so dumb he called the cops. plus, I know you were doing this deal secretly without telling your boss, Tuco Salamanca, who will murder you if he finds out. so nacho gives them the baseball cards back, but as part of the deal, the dude's got a hand over his ridiculous Hummer. the cops are still suspicious, though, of what was in his hidey-hole, so Jimmy spins an incredible tale of it was some homemade porn, but not just any porn, a pie sitting porn that this guy makes. and no one wants to ask any follow-up questions on that, so he's free to go. so Jimmy's working on the big Sandpiper case. that's a assisted living facility that's been overcharging all these old folks. and Jimmy is really good with old folks, so he gets a bunch of him to join in on the class-action suit. but there's a dozen more Sandpiper locations that aren't responding to the mailer. and Jimmy's like, hey, boss, TV is the future. we gotta run a commercial. guys like television commercial? yes, we've done one before. you know what? let's talk about it on Monday. but the last commercial they ran was absolutely awful. so Jimmy decides to make his own with a little more showmanship. it's a huge success. lots of people calling in. but when Jimmy shows his boss, they're like, I can't believe you ran this without our permission. this is not what our firms about. and over at Hamlin Hamlin McGill, Kim gets in huge trouble for being associated with Jimmy. they put her down in the back room doing files. now, nacho respects Mike's skills, and he's like, hey, I want you to kill my boss, Tuco Salamanca, because he's unhinged and at any moment he might snap and kill me. no, Mikey doesn't do assassination jobs, but he does want money to help his daughter-in-law and granddaughter move into a better neighborhood. so he thinks about buying a sniper rifle. turns out he was an elite sniper back in Nam. but he has a better idea, one that'll make Tuco go away without getting murdered. he pre calls the cops and then dings Tuco's car to Coco's crazy and steals the guy's wallet. but Mike grabs him, and he takes an epic beating waiting for the cops to show up. and Tuco had an unlicensed firearm. so he's going away for a long time. so Jimmy's real upset. they've changed his commercial they've assigned this annoying girl to babysit everything he does. he can't even bribe people with beanie babies anymore. and he realizes that his cup holder is symbolism. he's just not a good fit for this job. unfortunately, if he quits, he does not get his excellent signing bonus. so he resolves to get fired. starts wearing crazy colored suits like Saul Goodman used to do. he does some other shenanigans, like playing bagpipes, until finally he's fired and keeps his bonus. Tim Lexington going through all her old contacts to get out of the doghouse. one comes through her old friend Paige, works for a big local bank, Mesa Verde. she gets them to sign with HHM, which is a big win. but she's still in the doghouse over there. so she starts entertaining offers from rival law firms. Mike gets an offer from Hector Salamanca, the old part el guy that was in the nursing home in Breaking Bad. he's like, hey, sorry about my nephew. Tuco beating you up. but the gun charge is gonna put him away for too long. I want you to say that it was your gun, and I'll pay you $5,000 to do so. the implication is, otherwise, I'll kill you. so Mike goes home alone on these guys. he's got the paper under the mat, so when he goes in, he's ready for him. boom. that's these bunks out. sends him on their way. but then he gets a new threat from the murder twins, from Breaking Bad. take that threat seriously, and they're pointing it at his granddaughter. so he goes to see Hector. he's like, fine, I'll do it, but for $50,000. and the Hector's like, oh, this guy's got balls. all right, fine. now, Jimmy, freshly fired, wants to start his own law firm as partners with Kim. but Kim's like, hey, are you gonna play fast and loose with the law? and he's like, yeah, probably she's like, look, how about we do separate law firms, but we can share an office. so Jimmy gets to make a commercial his way, which is sneaking onto an airbase and sneaking onto a school, but it turns out amazing. and he's got lots of old people coming in. Kim puts in her resignation at HHM, and even though she's only one person, she gets Mesa Verde to come with her. but Jimmy's brother, Chuck, won't go down without a fight. remember, he's got that condition where he can't be around electricity. but he Braves it to go out for a meeting and gives them a real good pitch. they decided to stick with HHM. it takes a lot out of him, though. so for the first time since their falling-out, Jimmy decides to check on his brother. but while Chuck's sleeping, he sees the Mesa Verde files. and Kim really needed that client, so he does something slightly illegal. he doctors the files to change the address so the bank's legal thing is denied. Charles looks like a huge failure, and Mesa Verde decides to go back to Kim. now, Mike wants to take down Hector Salamanca for threatening his granddaughter. so he spies on their operations until he finds the trucks that bring drugs into America. hijacks one, and steals all the cash that they hidden and the tires. but Mike decides that's not enough. he doesn't normally kill people, but Hector Salamanca deserves to die. but when he gets to their hideout, he can't get a clear shot. and back in his car, someone's left a note for him that says, don't what, who even knew he was here? now Chuck knows that he couldn't have made a mistake. he goes to a local copy shop and he's like, hey, has my brother been here? but of course, Jimmy was there and already paid the guy off. so Chuck's the electricity, oh, he passes out, hits his head. ouch. so Chuck's back in the hospital. the doctors like, don't worry, he's fine, except for his mental condition, about the electricity. you really need to have him committed so he can get help. but Jimmy's like, now I'm not gonna do that to my brother. so Jimmy goes to check on him, but now he's gone full-on tinfoil crazy shots like, Al Jimmy, if I made that mistake, maybe I'm losing my mind. and Jimmy feels bad, so he's like, look, I won't ever admit to this publicly, but I did doctor those files. you're not crazy. but little did he know, chuck was tape recording him. oh, and that's how season 2 comes to an end. [Music]. 