level that you never gonna get back. please, always push it over to the brain. free. never respect you. respect that British reach that keeps you Beach tight. tag, [Music], the Dark Knight Returns. book 3 opens on one of the weirdest Batman moments. either ever be weirder. Lyndell boy, Batman dress in a full fat suit, tackles a woman who looks like Brigitte Nielsen with swastika nipples. it's clear this is where crazy Frank Miller started coming across. even today. it's slightly garish, and, in my opinion, is the books lowest point. on first reading this, I can remember it completely derail in the boot. and it's aged very poorly because of it. I don't know why Batman would even have this suit. he has the appearance of a burn victim, and if it was to be picked to be inconspicuous, then I don't know how it achieves that. it stands out like Will Smith's ear. and the villain will have you wanting to run to the mountains like rocky for lots of Brigitte Nielsen joke, but she was in Rocky for it's certainly a sign of the monstrosity that, Frank, would turn into hinting at the sexual BDSM, that would lay a plague as boobs. and it feels completely out of place, especially when a child is running round in a Robin costume in the background. what the [ __ ] is going on? it's within this chapter that Superman's introduced. wilds Miller's often criticized for his depiction of the Big Blue Boy Scout. to me, it's very analytical. Superman at this point, I become very one-dimensional. as a character in this book is a government Lackey, and due to his allegiances, you might not always be on the right side. but it's very realistic to me, even though Superman isn't realistic. owl. but imagine yet, if Superman existed today, even hack this side with Trump's policies, which go completely against equality and human rights. so it's very contradict as an idea. at one point in the book, we see Batman common that we kill because we've made it too easy. that's the perfect analysis of Superman. within this book, throughout the story, he murders soldiers. and whilst governments often present this is acceptable because it's part of war. you can murder someone as long as it's part of all. I simply can't agree. if murder is wrong, then it's wrong, period. the government are happy to sanction it when it fits their deeds. and because of this, people give it a pass. melodye constructed the world's most famous superhero in a clear way, whilst allowing Batman to be a voice of dissent amongst others. this created a beautiful dichotomy between the two, and it makes for a really gripping read, like someone out of a Calvin Klein advert the to converse. and it's interesting to see their opposing ideologies. that hint that why the Dark Knight had to retire. mirroring this, we see Commissioner Gordon retire, passing the role to Ellen yindel to disagree heavily on the subject of Batman, and when she puts out a warrant for the Caped Crusader's arrest, it's clear she's making a solid stance against vigilantism. throughout the book, she learns of Batman's importance. and once I don't necessarily like the characters beginning, by the end, she represents the doubters and those who would come around to the idea that extremism must be dealt with in extreme ways. I've always loved Batman when he takes on the police, and any other time, by the sounds of it, yo [ __ ]. so I was head over heels with the Joker's escaped. during the day of endocrine show, we often see tales of police murdering innocent people. so it's refreshing to see someone who solely represents beating the crap out of policemen, as they're often shown to be careless. it's just the way the news can represent it. yeah. and this is deconstructing that. in the backdrop of this battle, we witness the Joker murder hundreds of audience members on a chat show. to me, this really represents our obsession with celebrity, no matter how wicked they are. we often put entertainment over morals. and it's easy to see how the public consciousness would be desperate to see the Joker be interviewed. they get exactly what they wish for, and is gassing of the audience, leaving them all the death speaks volumes to our ignorance when dealing with serious matters. we ignore the constant tragedy and death that goes on around us and continue to smile as if nothing has happened. the audience dies laughing as we cut to Superman murdering soldiers in a foreign country who are doing nothing other than protecting their land. it's very, very political. building towards a climax, we get several people openly questioning Batman's reasons for never killing the Joker. sprawled across the new sections. the doubt clearly creeps into the dark nights of consciousness. why has he never killed the Joker? is it because without him, he has no purpose? these questions make us doubt all the good that the hero is done, but it certainly cements his morality after seeing how many Joker murders upon his escape. the tension rises within the story due to US questioning whether Batman will finally do what many of you is necessary. this is outstanding and completely heightens the drama, and it leaps off the page as we go into their final battle. it's a shame that Batman murdered so many people. in Batman V Superman, I wish they hadn't been forced. not filmer, Batman never kills, but Superman was so dangerous that he had to break his one rule in order to save the world. that movie completely misses that mark, and it turns the Caped Crusader into a serial killer, taking away any extra attention that could have been there in the final battle. like imagine how good it would have been yet, if Batman had been stood over Superman with his spear, knowing that if he killed them, he would save humans, but he would lose all of his humanity. that's why it's so good. in this book, the fact that you believe Batman's finally gonna murder the Joker adds to the tension, because you know it's a no-win situation. it's not gonna be returning the Joker to Arkham. there's gonna be no going back. and being in Batman in the Joker facing off in the Hall of Mirrors before finalizing their encounter the tunnel of love, there's very little subtlety for this statement that Miller is making that doesn't detract from it though. and it's a brutal personal conflict. Batman loses control and snaps the Joker's neck. and once he doesn't kill the Joker, it's still a small victory for the Clown Prince of Crime. the Joker twists his own neck, breaking it and killing himself in the process. he dies laughing, safe in the knowledge that the witnesses will say Batman did it, meaning that the Dark Knight's reign of justice will now be fully questioned by the authorities. it's a hoarding showdown that's stuck with me for years since I first wrote it. The Joker's final moments will stick with you forever. the white face brandish with a massive smile as something rustles out his body when it leaves. ending the book. well, the third issue starts off as the whole ops lowest point. it quickly gathers pace and delivers on a final showdown that's satisfying between the Joker and Batman. it's the perfect summation of their relationship, and it's the only way that it could have possibly ended. there is a slight imbalance in quality in this issue, but by far, the good outweighs the bad. and because of it, I'm giving it an 8.5 out of 10. so what did you think of the book? and below let me know. thanks very much for checking out this video. I'm reviewing the final chapter next week. and my run-up to the Dark Knight 3, the master race review. so make sure you subscribe my channel to get my thoughts on that book. and the Dark Knight strikes again when I review that. thanks very much. take care. peace. 