welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your insider on the outsider. and with one week until the finale, things are really ramping up in the show. episode 9 is the penultimate entry, and there's a lot to unpack from it. throughout this video, we're gonna be breaking down all of the ins and outs of the episode and its ending. there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything ruined, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel, as the finale is right around the corner, and you don't want to miss what happens in the last episode. without the way, thanks for clicking the video. now let's get into a breakdown of the outsider, episode 9. okay, so episode 9 pretty much sets the grounds for in which the finale will take place. it opens, however, in the past, all the way back in 1947, with two boys, John and George. the episode has a boy searching a barn, similar to the farmhand that discovered Terry Maitland's clothes earlier in the series. however, this is just a game, and the two head off into the woods. eventually they end up sneaking into a cave opening, which just so happens to be the cave that we heard about in last week's episode of cave stock. this is the bear cave that, due to what we learn in this episode, gets renamed, and this is why, later in the entry, it doesn't show up on a map. eventually, the boys become sealed in there, and a search party died along with them. after the cave collapses, people did try to save them, but unfortunately, the machinery back in those days was not strong enough, and using explosives would have caused the whole system to collapse. there were a large number of lives lost that day. and Al cuoco purposely chose the location because of the grief that was laced in the area. we do know that the creature feeds on despair of those that have lost something they love, and this is why the cave was chosen above all others. we discovered that the Bolton family, aka Claude's ancestors, were members in the search party, and that four of them died in the cave, along with many more people. because El cuoco has caught memories, the creature is aware that this is the location of a tragic event, and there is more grief in the area than the surrounding locations. al cuoco is once more in control, and those that try to enter its domain are doomed. this episode the theme of hopelessness and a feeling that no matter what people do, they will always lose. claw discusses how the outsider wanted in and it got in, and there was nothing that he could do no matter how much he tried. how cuoco is like a virus. this is also given weight when there's mention of the Spanish flu of 1918, which also hit the area. in case you hadn't heard of it, the Spanish flu was a massive pandemic that took out 500 million people during the early part of the 20th century. the world population at the time was only 1.9 billion. so that was a big hit on humanity. El cuoco is a cancer than not only ravages people, but the planet - and it looks like the group are out of their depth. so, yeah, nice hopeful message therefore, Monday morning, don't worry though. I believe in you. I know you can make it through the week. anyway, the outsider is pretty much about breaking cycles of oppression and victimization. al cuoco has been in a position of power for centuries because of its ability to control those around it, whether it's the slaves that it takes or the fact that the police looked the other way 99% of the time, the monster very much represents a system that allows it to continue to do what it likes. I don't really think it's a metaphor for the times of movement, but that's the most recent example that I can think of in which a system was set up in a certain way that allowed certain people in power to do things that they wouldn't normally get away with. there really would have been a feeling of hopelessness to a lot of people who had to go through situations that eventually led to them uniting and speaking up. and you very much get the feeling that Ralph and Coe are in over their heads. we know that they have united in order to help one another, and sinneth the aforementioned movement. al cuoco has survived for so long because people would rather stay out of things that could lead to trouble. this is exemplified by the fact that a lot of people outside of it just don't want to get involved in whatever is going on. and it really hammers home the message that evil Rises when good people refuse to act. however, as I've mentioned, with the group, they are united and tackling the problem together, which means that they can rise up and meet it. after the initial introduction, which is laced throughout the episode, we jump to Ralph's talking to the police, and they try to suggest a link between the boy that was almost abducted at cave stock and Frankie Peterson's murder. they ask the officers that they can interview the family, and the granted permission. in addition to his memories, we also learned that Al cuoco has a psychic link with cord, and that in the best interest of the group, they should edit what they say to him so they don't give away to the creature what their plan is. this link is how it knew to follow Claude to another town and whereabouts that he would be staying. the only way that we ever learned about al CooCoo in the first place is because Terry was shown on CCTV and another part of the country, and this started off the entire investigation. it doesn't want this to happen again, and this is why the creature didn't just remain in Cherokee City and kill someone there. there's lip service paid to the thing, which is a nod to the film and how that creature could transform into people. and out of all of the episodes thus far, I definitely feel like this is the best, due to its pacing and the details that are uncovered. ralph is clearly now on board, and he even shuts down Howie for trying to question the notion that the creature doesn't exist. just because they're accepting it, though, doesn't mean that it will be easy killing it. they have no idea what this really is or how to defeat it. do you know that they need to get Claude out of the area, as it's unsafe to be there? Jeanne doesn't sound too happy that Ralph is staying, and it seems that he doesn't believe he's got much of a chance either, due to the fact that he's smoking. I'm probably reading into this, but just in general, whenever I watch something and see a character who didn't really smoke suddenly doing it, I always kind of feel like in their head that think they're gonna die soon. people often don't smoke because of the health hazards that can lead to down the line. but when someone takes it up, it always shows to me that they know that it's not going to be the thing that kills them. it's really subtle. and again, I could be looking into it, but let me know if it's something you've also noticed in TV shows and movies. the team review the footage and realize that all cuoco is vulnerable, hungry and desperate. this kind of reminded me a bit of when Ted Bundy was in the run and he was frantically taking as many lives as he could. I've already discussed the similarities between al cuoco and serial killers, so I don't want to retread old ground. but you do get the feeling that the show is deliberately having the creature operate in a similar manner. from the interview, Ralph and Cole learn where the Beast is hiding. we also learned that the old guy is the grandfather. I know I said it was the dad last time, so am i. but the son a hairstyle should have given it away by didn't. and Ralph also brings up the scratching. and though it did look like the grandad could have been cut last week. he denies it. so, yeah, draw your own conclusion from that. my wife said that he did get cut. I was a bit unsure, but this kind of clears it up. he talks about I'll koukos face and how it still looked like a mask, and how he include hid the best chicken shack around. we also learned that how he is in anything man. and the two have a history in which how he represented Claude for a fight at the club. and eases some of the guilt on the last shoulder when he realizes that he wasn't bad enough to be remembered from brother Bolton. they learn about a secret entrance to the cave in the gift shop. and he also lets slip the cord about that plan. he did it for the right reasons. but now it knows that everyone is on their way to make matters worse. our cuoco has a sharpshooter on his team, and that can take them down. see your Claude and how he head out to join them. but it looks like time is running out for everyone. the episode ends with them caught in the crosshairs. we wonder if they're gonna end up dead. we see him take a leg out, which is kind of a gutter as he was gonna stay behind, you to that copper taste in his mouth. and the episode goes out with a bang, after several shots can be heard firing. now, we did see a snake stalking jack, and I kind of have a feeling that this might come into play next week, and it could bite him. jack is also wrestling with himself and trying to fight the controller el Coco has over him. but whether this happens or not, we will see. he obviously has no qualms about shooting people. but yeah, I do hope that he turns to the light in the end. now, for the rest of the video, we're gonna be talking about what happens at the end of the book. we're just one week away. and if you don't want to know what happens next week, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. again, this is big spoilers. and yeah, if you, if you don't want the show ruined, then thanks for checking out the video till this point, and hopefully I'll see you next Monday. anyway, they managed to make it past Jack and finally get to the creature. this was also shown in the trailer for next week. so not massive spoilers there. however, Holly, being an outsider herself, manages to track the outsider in the caves, and she kills it with a happy slapper, which is a sock filled with balls. she used this in the Stephen King book, mister Mercedes. but whether it happens here in our or we don't really know. as they have mentioned the prior story with her. in the episode, we also saw glory and Jeannie talking face to face. nose lip service pay to the DA, asking her to talk with him, though she denied his request. if the story follows the book, the next week, he plays a big part in delivering some good news. that is that he drops all of the charges against Terry Maitland, and he publicly announces that the CCTV footage proves that Terry was not the killer. the work does seem to be going that way. and Holly actually asks what the outside his name is. you also see Ralphy using a stone deer hit something in the cave, so it could be him who is the one to kill the monster. that's pretty much the majority of the plot. but I do think that next week we'll have some surprises again. this was another brilliant episode, and with just one more entry, I can't wait to see what happens. now, obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on episode 9 and what you've thought the season so far. comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up. and if you've missed any episodes, then make sure you check them out in the playlist. at the end every month, on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you had to do to be in with a chance of winning the Infinity Saga box set, it's leave a like and subscribe with notifications on if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button. you can also come chat to us in our discord server link below, or a definition whitey on Twitter. those are the best ways to keep up to date with the channel. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time, take care. peace. [Music] you [Music] 