a man named dalton russell sits in an unidentified cell and narrates how he has committed the perfect robbery in new york. masked robbers dressed as painters and using variants of the name steve as aliases, seize control of a manhattan bank and take the patrons and employees hostage. they divide the hostages into groups and hold them in different rooms, forcing them to don painter's clothes identical to their own. the robbers rotate the hostages among various rooms and occasionally insert themselves covertly into the groups. they also take turns working on an unspecified project involving demolishing the floor in one of the bank storage rooms. police surround the bank and detectives keith frazier and bill mitchell take charge of the negotiations. russell, the leader of the robbers, demands food, and the police supply them with pizzas whose boxes include listening devices. the bugs pick up a language that a worker identifies as albanian. when arthur case, chairman of the board of directors and founder of the bank, learns of the robbery taking place, he hires fixer madeleine white. white arranges a conversation with russell, who allows her to enter the bank and inspect the contents of the box, which includes documents from nazi germany. white tells russell that case will pay him a substantial sum if he destroys the contents of the box. frazier demands to inspect the hostages, and russell takes him on a tour of the bank. as he is being shown out, frazier attacks russell, but is restrained by another of the robbers. afterward, he explains that he deliberately tried to provoke russell, and judges that the man is not a killer. however, this is seemingly disproven when the robbers stage an elaborate, but ultimately fake execution of a hostage. the execution prompts an emergency services unit team into action. they plan to storm the bank and use rubber bullets to knock out those inside. frasier discovers that the robbers have planted a listening device on the police. aware of the police plans, the robbers detonate smoke grenades, remove their disguises and exit the bank with the hostages. a search of the bank reveals the robbers weapons were plastic replicas they find props that show that the hostage execution was in fact faked, and no money or valuables appear to have been stolen. with no way to identify the suspects and unsure if a crime has even been committed, frazier's superior orders him to drop the case. frazier, however, searches the bank's records and finds that safe deposit box number 392 has never appeared on any record since the bank's founding in 1948. white confronts case, who admits that the box contained diamonds and a ring that he had taken from a jewish friend whom he had betrayed to the nazis. russell repeats his opening monologue while hiding behind a fake wall the robbers had constructed inside the bank supply room. he emerges a week after the robbery with the contents of case's safe deposit box, including incriminating documents and several bags of diamonds. on his way out, he bumps into frasier, who does not recognize him. he exits the bank and enters a van filled with his conspirators, some of whom had been questioned by the police. when frasier opens the safe deposit box. he finds the ring and the note from russell. the treads follow the ring. frazier confronts case and urges white to contact the office of war crimes issues at the state department about cases war crimes. at home, frasier finds a loose diamond. frazier realizes that russell slipped the diamond into his pocket when they collided during russell's escape from the bank. you 