hello movie fans, and welcome back to another full movie recap with movie reveals. in today's video, we're going to break down the gory horror movie called hostile warning, guys, spoiler alert. in amsterdam, american backpackers, paxson and josh, and icelander only meet alexei, a russian man, who tells them about a slovak hostel filled with american loving local women. the backpackers board a train to slovakia, where they meet a dutch businessman long enough to be unnerved by his bizarre behavior. upon arriving in the small village, the backpackers check into the local hostel and find themselves sharing a room with nate elliott and svetlana, two attractive single women who entice the backpackers to a spa where the women await nude in a sauna. they invite the men to a disco that night and dance and drink with them for a few hours. josh himself is uneasy about hooking up with either of them since he recently gone through a bad breakup. he leaves the club for a few minutes and is suddenly accosted by a small group of kids who demand gum and candy. the dutch businessman appears and gives the kids money and sharply orders them to leave. josh is grateful and offers to buy him a drink in the club. later, natalia and statlana take josh and paxton back to their room and have sex with them. the next morning, ollie seems to be missing. a young japanese backpacker named khanna also reports that her friend yuki has also disappeared. an mms photo sent from uv's phone shows yuki and only beneath the smokestack of an abandoned factory, with the words sayonara written beneath it. unbeknownst to josh and paxson, holy has been decapitated and yuki tortured and presumably killed a strange, hulking man taking the picture and sending it with ollie's phone. paxton and josh decide to leave bratislava with connor. the following day, they spot a man wearing oldie's jacket walking nearby and follow him to a museum of medieval torture relics. paxson later notices that in the mms photo of oli, yuki and the smokestack is faked. later that night, while partying with natalia and stellana, paxson and josh succumb to the effects of alcohol. josh stumbles back to the hostel and is put in his bed by the female concierge. after a few seconds, an unidentified person enters the room. paxton passes out in the disco storage room, mistaking it for the men's room. hours later, josh wakes up, handcuffed to a chair in a dungeon-like room, surrounded by power tools and weapons. the dutch businessman enters in a leather apron and gloves and begins torturing josh, drilling him in his pecks, just above his nipples and several spots in his thighs. despite josh's screams of pain and is begging to be let go. after he is done, the dutch businessman sits down and talks to josh, explaining his unfulfilled dreams of being a surgeon. due to his trembling hands, josh begs to be released. the businessman then cuts josh's achilles tendon. josh tries to walk and collapses. his torturer lets him crawl towards the door before finally grabbing him, dragging him before a scummy mirror and slashing his throat with a scalpel across town. paxton awakens and returns to the hostel to find both josh and connor missing. in his room are a different pair of beautiful women inviting him to a spa eerily similar to nabalia's and svetlana's offer from before. when the local police chief proves unhelpful, paxson locates nadalia and svetlana at an obscure bar and demands to be taken to an art show where he thinks his friends are. they drive to a factory on the outskirts of the town. natalie's demeanor has changed from friendly to aloof and unsociable. she mocks him a bit for being an american tourist. she leads him inside and down an eerie corridor. aware in a dirty cell-like room, paxton sees the dutch businessman cutting up josh's dead body. horrified, he berates nadalia, who laughs at him, telling him they pay her to lure tourists to the factory. he is ambushed by thugs who drag him pastels filled with other backpackers being tortured by various clients. paxton is taken to his own cell and handcuffed to a chair, join minutes later by a german client, who tortures him, first using a garden and claw, and then pointing a gun at him to frighten him. distracted by paxton's ability to plead for his life in german, the client calls in one of the factory's hulking guards to put a ball gag in pak's mouth and tries to kill him with a chainsaw. but before he can begin, paxton starts vomiting, either out of fear or because the gag was choking him. due to his ball gag, he starts to choke on his own vomit, and the client quickly removes the bald gag, probably to stop paxton dying before he could kill him. he then approaches pax again with the chainsaw, but inadvertently saws off paxton's ring and pinky finger, before slipping on the ball gag, which he just threw on the floor. the client drops the chainsaw on his own leg and severs it with his fingers. severed, paxton is able to slip his hand from the cuff, grabs the client's pistol and shoots the man dead. when the guard comes to check on the situation, paxton, having returned to his original sitting position and appearing unconscious, shoots and kills the guard. he grabs his fingers, disguises himself with a torturer's apron and dons a metal mask before slipping out into the corridor. he hides in a nearby room to avoid capture from other guards, where he finds a collection of victims. he hides under a pile of body parts on a cart, before he is taken to a room where he sees dead bodies being chopped up by a hulking, silent butcher. one of the corpses is joshie's. the butcher also loots the victims for valuables and piles the body parts into a tray that toss them into a large cremation oven. paxton kills the butcher with a hammer and escapes to the surface, where he then peers outside to see police officers conspiring with the factory men. paxton slips into a locker room and dresses himself in the clothes of a client pulling a glove over his mutilated hand, and discovers a business card for elite hunting, now revealed as a secret worldwide murder-for-profit organization that charges ascending rates for slovakians, europeans and most of all, for americans, who carry a fee of dollar twenty-five thousand for the opportunity to torture them. a somewhat-crazed american businessman arrives, and, believing paxton to be another client, discusses his intended victim and asks pax and whether to kill her quickly or slowly. paxton advises administering a quick death. of the american businessman disagrees and decides to resort to torturing her, leaving behind a no longer needed firearm. before exiting, paxton steals the pistol and escapes to the courtyard. when he hears a woman scream. unable to ignore it, he returns to the factory and kills the american. now in the middle of mutilating kanna's face and preparing to burn her with a blowdorch, kana's right eye is hanging out of her injured face. paxton cuts it off, and they run outside. paxton and connor steal a car and head to the railway station, spotting alexei, nadalia and svetlana on their way from the original hostile pax eventually runs them over, killing svetlana and alexei. natalie survives the initial collision, but is run over by pax and kana's pursuers. pax sees the gang of kids and notices that he is in the same car that he was driven into the art show, which has a bat of candy in it. the gang then kills the people chasing paxson hadn't been bribed with a bag of candy. at the railway station, connor notices the disfigured reflection of her missing eye and her tortured face, and unable to live with her hideous scars, throws herself into the path of an oncoming train, distracting the guards and allowing paxton to escape aboard another train. once aboard, paxton hears the familiar voice of josh's torturer, of the dutch businessman. at the train stops in vienna, austria, paxton notices that he is being met by his young daughter. in a complete twist, of fate. paxson follows the dutchman to a public toilet and leaves a scalpel frame fined. the dutchman, in shock, rushes out to see if left it. it then dawns on him that his daughter is missing. he shouts for her and is desperate to find her. call the karma, or call it justice. while we then see paxton on a train leaving the station, having kidnapped his daughter. the end. if you like this video, make sure to subscribe. see you again soon. 