welcome to the man of recaps. this is the original three seasons of its Arrested Development. Michael Bluth is the manager of the family business, the Bluth housing company. his dad, George senior, is retiring, and finally gonna name him president. he lives with his son, George Michael, and the latest Bluth family development, well, the one model home they built so far. his sister, Lindsay Bluth, considers herself an activist, but really she's just a spoiled Newport Beach socialite. she married psychiatrist, dr. Tobias few K, but unfortunately, he's recently lost his medical license. over at the Bluth frozen banana stand. George Michael meets their daughter, his cousin, Maeby. she tries to make her parents mad by kissing her cousin, which starts a series long cousin crush for George Michael. Michael's brother, Joe Bluth is a magician. he's planned a trick for the party loser. Michael, hmm. the trick is something a [ __ ] does for money. and their younger brother, Buster, is a real man baby. he's a mama's boy. still lives at home with her there mother, Lucille, is a mean old girl. she loves her furs and has a martini for breakfast every morning. and when George senior retires, he names his wife as the new president, not Michael. turns out that's for the best, because the cops show up. George senior has definitely been embezzling from the company for years. Jobe tries to hide his father in the Aztec tomb. unfortunately, the news crews reveal how the trick works, which gets him kicked out of the magician's alliance. Tobias missed the party. he followed these Pirates on to the wrong boat and accidentally joined a gay protest. there, he discovered something new about himself, not that he's very obviously gay, but that he wants to be an actor. Michael's ready to leave his family behind, but with their funds cut off, they have nowhere else to turn. so they all stay in the model home, and Michael agrees to keep his family together. Michael tries to get his father out of prison, but George doesn't want to go between time, I'm doing the time of my life. he asked his mother where the evidence is, but she's not talking. so he fakes a call that the IRS is repossessing her furs, so she sends her housekeeper to hide them in the secret storage unit, which has already been burned down. it was definitely the work of an arsonist, which is what George senior meant when he called his newly released roommate a flamer. Michael's struggling to keep the company afloat. they need more money. there's money in the banana stand. the cousins are working the banana stand, and all the close proximity is just fueling George Michaels cousin, crush, maybe is not very good at accounting. and when George Michael realizes he's been losing money, he takes a page out of his grandfather's book and tries to burn it down. Michael supports this, actually. he thinks, we'll teach his father a lesson. plus, he just had job mail the insurance check. but George, seen here, clarifies his earlier statement, the walls of the banana stand were lined with cash. Tobias pursues his dream of becoming an actor, but he accentuates the fire aspect of the fire sale. Lindsay, on the other hand, has a perfect delivery, so she gets the job instead. unfortunately, she celebrates prematurely and misses it. Michael makes corn balls with his father's invention, the cornballer. it's no longer sold in the United States because it causes horrible burns. and George Michael's auditioning for the school play so he can have the kiss scene with his cousin, Maeby, but she's only going out for it so she can have a kiss scene with Steve Holt. since being kicked out of the magician's alliance, job's magic career has been in the dumps. I don't know what I expected. he announces a grand illusion to break out of the prison where his father's being held. the secret to this trick is to swallow a key ahead of time. but he's poop shy. he can't pass it in the open here, so he realizes what a huge mistake. he does get some quality time with his dad, though. they play catch for the first time ever, and it goes about as poorly as any game a catch can still, he's moved out of prison to the hospital. so, tada. job's girlfriend, Marta, is a Spanish soap opera star. while he's in prison, he has Michael escort her to the Spanish soap opera Awards, where they actually hit it off. Lucille and Buster are there as well, and we meet Lucille's best frenemies, Lucille austero, known as Lucille 2, and bustard, not wearing his glasses, accidentally flirts with her. now, the Bluth company lost its private jet, but they did get to keep the staircar. watch out for bridges and hot buns. they couldn't get some hot buns. the Bluth kids also fight over the use of their dad's car, which they treat very poorly. one day, Michael tries to be nice and give his mother's housekeeper a ride home, but turns out this is a random woman that just kind of looks like her. and when she sees what looks like bloodstains and a human skull from Buster's archeological dig, she thinks she's gonna be murdered and runs off into the wetlands. Michael went there to pick up his sister, who's in the date auction for the wetlands. she went out to prove that she's a real activist, but learned she hates the wetlands. Buster is supposed to bid on his mother, like every year, but this time he's running late and bids on the wrong Lucille. he decides to roll with it, and these two are dating on and off throughout the series. George seniors eventually starting to dislike prison. Michael convinces his mother to come for a conjugal visit, but his father's got Kitty in the next trailer. that's his longtime secretary and longtime mistress. they send job to go distract her, but he has a hard time finding her best side. he decides to escape, but the guards grab him and pin him against the trailer where his parents are getting it on. now meet the family lawyer, Barry zuckerkorn. Barry's very good. he isn't he does manage to get George senior out of prison for one day, the day of the living classics pageant the family always takes part in. this year, George Michael's gonna play. Adam Bowen maybe sees him in the muscle suit and complements him. he decides never to take it off again. Tobias understands. he also has something he can never take off. that's right, Tobias is a never-nude, which is exactly what it sounds like. George Michael gets cold feet about appearing nude himself, so he takes a page out of his uncle's book. there are dozens of us, and George senior makes his first of many escape attempts, none of which succeed. Martha comes by looking for job, who is living on the family yacht and definitely cheating on her. a scary gangster is also looking for job and threatens to break his legs. it turns out it's a non scary magician who's threatening to steal job's legs from his saw the woman in half act the legs, in fact, that job is sleeping with. Michael hatches a plan to break up Marta and Jo by having her come as a surprise assistant, so she and the legs will both realize job's cheating on them. so the night of job's big show, Michels plan fails because the legs already quit. luckily, George Michael has soft, womanly legs, so they get him as a last-minute replacement. Tobias missed this family event as well. he went to the wrong Gothic Castle. now, Lucille 2 suffers from vertigo, and that's putting a damper on her in Buster's relationship. he knows that marijuana can be good for vertigo, so he goes to see George Michael at the banana stand, which was always a haven of pot smokers. it had even inspired a song. George Michael, of course, doesn't have any pot, so he leaves a note for his uncle Jobe, who definitely does. but Michael wants to teach his son a lesson that drugs are bad, just like their father used to teach them lessons using his one-armed friend. he would stage elaborate scenarios to scare the kids into learning their lesson. Michael asked his father for that guy's contact info, but George seniors recently had a religious experience and doesn't support that kind of deception. so the brothers decide to do it themselves. when George Michael comes some unusually hot drug dealers show up, and then some unusually hot cops show up, there from the hot cops stripping agency that job sometimes works for. so it's a moderately successful lesson teaching. but then some real drug dealers show up and some real cops show up. it turns into a shootout, and this one guy's arm gets blown clean off. yeah, that's why you don't teach your son's lessons. last lesson, I swear no. Michael's trying to get his son into the prestigious Milford Academy where children are neither to be seen nor heard. Buster was very good at this one, but they don't want him because the Bluth family is getting so much bad press. luckily, Michaels just met a hot girl who turns out to be a PR specialist and will help the family. first, they give Tobias money for a plane ticket back to Boston so he can get his medical license back. but on the way, he meets actor Carl Weathers, who conveniently charges for acting lessons exactly the cost of that ticket. Tobias his acting doesn't improve, but he does learn some valuable life lessons. you take this home, threw it in a pot, add some broth the potato. did you got a stew going? Michael almost starts dating the PR girl, but his wife died years ago from cancer, and he still doesn't feel comfortable dating with his son. so he lets her down easy. but she doesn't like being told no, and puts a bunch of bad press about the Blues out there. but when Lucille and Lindsay find out, they attack her and start another Bluth restaurant fight. Michael does really like Marta, though, and she soon realizes that she picked the wrong brother. I made a huge mistake. job starts to suspect that she's cheating on him with a man's name. he overheard this guy's name like hermano. so Michael starts investigating, and does think Marta's cheating on him, which is very uncool. so he calls her out for betraying job, only to later realized that hermano means brother, I've made a huge mistake. he has no problem with her cheating on chope with him. but there are other hermano Buster's outside too. he met her once that instantly fell in love. so on the day of their dad's hearing, Jo finds out Michael's stealing Marta, and they have a brother fight outside the courthouse. it won't be the last time. and unfortunately, mark two realizes they are children and fails on all of them. one day, Tobias let slip that maybe may not be their natural-born daughter, Lucille implies that she was a test-tube baby. and George Michael starts thinking that she's maybe not his cousin. but for now, George Michael has a new crush on his hot teacher. unfortunately, at parent-teacher night, she and Michael hit it off and they end up sleeping together. Michael does the responsible thing and blames it on Jo. my job is still mad at Michael for the Marta thing, so gets revenge by setting him up on ugly double dates. but he mistakes Michaels general human compassion for sexual interest. so Jo sleeps with her to get revenge, and Michael breaks the bad news. he wasn't interested in her. he's sleeping with a hot teacher. at the school dance. Michael finally admits to his son that he's dating his teacher. and job realizes he slept with the wrong one again. but the teachers not getting involved in this and bails on all of them. one day, Buster has a fight with his mom and moves out, only to find himself replaced by an adopted Vietnamese boy. Ahn young, is your brother? now I know yes, onion over the series, Buster Nanyang have some nice sibling rivalry. George senior has embraced his newfound Judaism and is profiting from it with a series of self-help tapes caged wisdom. he's visited by a huge fan of his, but turns out she's undercover with the FBI to get evidence on him. unfortunately, though, all she gets is some nipple tweaking. now the company is low on funds, so they have to delay pay or a week. and that's how Michael finds out his whole family has been collecting paychecks. so Michael makes them work for their money, and job challenges Buster to a game of chicken. the chicken dance is hilarious, but the game itself is underwhelming. eventually, the DA offers their father a plea deal, but it was way too long. Barry didn't read it. Michael fancies himself a bit of a lawyer because he was in his school play. once he goes to a lawyer bar to read it and meets hot lawyer Maggie Lizer. they hit it off and have an incredible night together, but turns out she's blind. Michael missed all the subtle hints last night. I'm wasted job. also met a girl last night and after an escalating series of dares, they handed up getting married. but with all the excitement, he never actually consummated it. had sex last night, but he really didn't. yes, I did. and turns out the prosecutor in his dad's case is Maggie Lizer. they sent Tobias to sneak into her house and find out what evidence the DEA action he has on him. but this proves more difficult than expected because she's not actually blind. she does end up, though temporarily blinded. so and Michael throws the book at her, hope it hits her. she and Michael come clean and decided they should probably stop dating, except this one last time. now, it's spring break in Newport Beach. the video series girls with low self-esteem is there, and Kitty's excited to join in, this time with a new set of breast implants she's happy to show off. Michael wants to fire her, but his dad reminds him. she's privy to a lot of sensitive information over the years. last year, on a spring break special job, declared he would make his yacht disappear. so this year he has to make good on his promise, and he actually does it. how'd he pull that off? well, he sunk the yacht. it was part of his father's plan. that's where a lot of evidence was. job's wife is actually a huge fan of Tobias. they had a family folk band where they were pushing pharmaceuticals. they get the band back together cuz it was fun times. of course, it was only fun times because they were on drugs. George Michael, by the way, is an incredible wood block player, but they don't want him in the band. job's wife falls in love with Tobias and decides the right thing for her to do is to leave and join the army. Lindsay's been coming home with some new clothes lately, and she claims she's been shoplifting. rather than admit she got a job in a shop. this angers job who thinks that he's the sleight-of-hand master in the family. but he's not that great either. now a big chunk of company money is finally unfrozen, and everyone wants a piece of it, including what looks like George senior with hair. it's his identical twin brother, Oscar Oscar is a deadbeat hippie type, but he does own a great piece of land Michael buys it with the unfrozen funds, only to find out it's worthless because the army does ballistics testing there. but Michael's mother saves the day. oscar has always loved her, and she convinces him to sell the land back in exchange for rekindling their romance. now Newport has to take your daughter to work day. and Michael always used to bring George Michael as a joke, but it got less funny as he got older. so he decides to take his niece, Maeby, and they make an agreement, no lies all day. unfortunately, the cops come. turns out Kitty is missing, and Michael was the last person very publicly seen with her. the new girls with low self-esteem video is out, and though job's magic show was a flop, it does show Kitty sneaking onto the yachts to steal the evidence. but that means they might have blown her up. luckily, Maeby's instincts till I kicks in, and she finds out the cops have kitty. she survived. so they tell the truth and they're off the hook. now, Kitty has the evidence and wants to blackmail the Bluth company. Michaels like, by the way, what is this evidence? and turns out it's just some missed taxes. Michael like, oh, I'll pay that off, no problem. but just then, Michael sees a news story about American built houses in Iraq. and that reminds Michael of something his dad once said, there's a good chance of committment Sun light. so George senior takes a polygraph, but has a heart attack during it. and they get some bad news from the doctor, we lost him. what he should have said, though, is that George escaped. so Michaels had it with his family. he's ready to take his son and start a new life in Phoenix. but they're gonna make Joel president of the Bluth company. and Michael comes back. he can't let that happen with George senior on the loose. his identical twin Oscar, is often mistaken for him. and with her husband gone, Lucille has rekindled her love affair with his twin brother, which is awkward for Buster who turns out its heavily implied is Oscars natural-born son. they said, my father was here, did they? Tobias continues to be unknowingly, very obviously gay. Lindsay is unhappy in the relationship, and they agree to try an open marriage. within seconds, she's met a hot realtor who she thinks is hitting on her. I have an open thing going on too. of course, he just meant an open house. her quick success though, makes Tobias sad, so he joins what he thinks is a group for sad men, of course, is the famous theater show, the Blue Man Group. he doesn't get in, of course. he just gets into paint every night in case they need him as a backup. no, I'm afraid I just blew myself. the family hires famed P I gene parmesan to track down their father. looks like he's escaped to Mexico. when Buster wants to escape to Mexico to Lucille was recently ambushed by a Michael Moore type and signed Buster up for the army. so Buster hides in the trunk and gets out at what he thinks is Mexico, but is really just his mom's housekeepers house in real Mexico. Michael's tackled by bounty hunter ice that job hired to keep an eye on him. Michael reat asks him with finding their father. George Michael, by the way, has a girlfriend now, an her but she is so bland and forgettable. Michael leaves her in Mexico. they soon get word from ice, who is also a party planner, that George senior is dead. the Mexican police picked him up. and he's famous there because the cornballer is still sold in Mexico, where they redub the commercial to hide the fact that it causes horrible burns. allegedly, they killed him in prison, but really, he bribed his way out and came home hiding in the back yard. he found out that his wife was having an affair with his twin brother, and came home to win her back. but only George Michael knows this. so they have a funeral where job performs an illusion, which, per usual, goes poorly. George Michael tries to come clean to his father, I have pop up in the Attic. Michael eventually realizes the truth, and they stage a fake escape, and George senior hides in the Attic for the season. now, Jobe is still the Acting President, and he's been wearing some of his dad's old suits to fit the part. where's the good happens? I can expose spill some on my $3,000 suits. come on. they have an office Christmas party to raise morale, where Michael and Maeby do a karaoke duet of afternoon delight. this was before anchorman, so they don't realize it's about sex. Lindsay, in her open marriage, is trying her best to get laid. she meets a hot, casual movie star type, who turns out is homeless. but turns out he's actually a movie star pretending to be homeless. now meet the Bluths biggest competitor, Stan Sitwell. he has a condition where his body is totally hairless, so that's all fake. but he offers job a job with Sitwell. George senior suspects it's only to get job on their team for the annual softball game. and indeed, Sitwell wants to play catch with him. and since job's real, father only played catch with him the once. Joby's overcome with fatherly emotion and tries to win the game. forum luckily, an is the brick wall. Tobias has a big audition coming up, so he and maybe sneak into the studio and talk up the few K name around the water cooler. unfortunately, he introduces himself as Tobias. so that's a waste. maybe no. lies her way into getting a book report written for her, and when an exec sees it, you're the view. kay, everyone's talking about, what are you like? 15? marry me. so she accidentally becomes a studio executive. now the Bluth stock is finally unfrozen, and they can sell off a little to make money, as long as they don't all sell at once. Michael is sick of driving the stair car, so he thinks he deserves a modest new ride. unfortunately, everyone also immediately sold their stocks, and they've lost control of the company to Lucille 2. Buster meanwhile, is trying to date younger women, and Tobias offers to be his wingman, even if it means me taking a chubby I will suck it up. Tobias spent his money to buy his dream nightclub. Lindsay wants that money back, though, to join a country club, so sends the hot cops to pose as thugs and scare him off. fortunately, he reaches these ruffians with the power of dance. they decide to take their act to the streets, but have a much worse reception. Lucille 2 agrees to sell majority control back to the Blues, but Jobe doesn't know this yet, Sojo Lucille 2 later, Michael runs into an old crush, Sally Sitwell. another rivalry between their fathers always made things weird for them. Michael plans to bid on her at the annual date auction, but when he gets her father's approval, turns out she only liked him because her father didn't approve. and she bails, per usual. the company needs more money, so they go to their Uncle Jack, who is an old radio star the bullet. he's very old now has to be carried by dragon. he agrees to help the company if he can co on a date with Lindsay. remember, he's not their actual uncle. Michael has a romantic date package that came with the option, and he's too chicken to ask Sally Sitwell, so he convinces Lindsay to go with Uncle Jack, thinking she's going with dragon for complicated reasons. Michael also goes with Tobias, and Lucille 2's going with Stan Sitwell, which makes the other Bluth brother's jealous. they bust in to reclaim their woman. and long story short, it's shenanigans. it's been about eight months since Michael last saw Maggie Lizer, who turns out is about eight months pregnant. he sends Tobias and Lindsay to investigate, and looks like she's faking the pregnancy. he tells her off, but turns out she's not faking. he investigates more and finds out the baby's not his. she's being a surrogate for a gay cop couple. but turns out she's not actually pregnant. she's working a case for a client suing a restaurant that made her fat, and she's the pregnant one. so it's believable. Michael and Maggie agree they shouldn't see each other anymore, except for this one last time. now, Buster has actually joined the army, and he's going to be shipped off soon, but first decides to face his biggest fear, the ocean. now, job's wife was a seal seller, and one day one of her seals got a taste for flesh, job released it into the sea. and so Buster finds that's funny, cuz it's his mom's name. but he does lose a hand and gets a hook job's wife is finally divorcing him, and he can save his money and get the marriage annulled if he admits he's never consummated it, which he's finally willing to do. but when he meets with her, she seduces him and how there's proof the marriage was consummated. it's time for the annual mother boy pageant, which Lucille and Buster always go to. but with Buster now a monster, Lucille forces George Michael into it. Buster uses his army training to save George Michael the operation. and the operation is a moderate success. now, George Michael's running for school president with the help of his girlfriend Ann, who wants to appeal to the Christian voters. Michael doesn't think that's a good idea, so he gets job to run George Michaels campaign. so Ann leaves and makes a very nice, heartfelt campaign video for Steve Holt, which makes George Michael's negative attack ad look pretty douchey, and accidentally makes public George Michael's most embarrassing moments. now, Jobe once back into the magician's alliance, so he has a plan for Buster to pretend to be the magician, while jabs the assistant. they have a big show, per usual. Jobe watches it and cuts off Buster's fake hand, which luckily, people think is the trick. this gets them the attention of famed magician Tony wonder. somebody say wonder. they perform again, and Jobe reveals himself as the true magician a. but unfortunately, the trick doesn't work as well in Reverse. Michael finally meets and super-religious parents, and turns out her mom is really hot and is seduced by Michael's secular ways. George, Michael accidentally proposes to Anne, and they run off to get married, only to find his grandparents renewing their vows. George senior got Jobe to kidnap his mother with the help of his puppet Franklin. more on him later. but Oscar busts in to fight for his lady love. and the identical twins have an identical fight. and where Michael reveals he kissed Ann's mom, there's more shenanigans and how it's Spring Break again in Newport and girls without self-esteem is back, this time, led by Zach Braff. Lindsay wants to protest it. and Tobias wants to help by pantsing Zach Braff, only to discover he's a never-nude as well. around this time, Lindsay kicks Tobias out of the house, so he comes back to a mrs. Doubtfire, but confuses it with Mary Poppins. Tobias does land an acting gig doing a true-crime series about the Bluths. in an ad libbed line, though he makes it very obvious. George seniors hiding in the kiddy, finds him first and kidnaps him with the cooler full of evidence. so Lucille's got a challenge her to a drinking competition, which she will win. now, michael has to swear under oath he doesn't know where his father is, so he gets job and Franklin to knock their father out and hide him somewhere. but on the way, Jobe realizes Michael never even opened the CD that he and Franklin made for him. so when Michael signs, he's immediately under arrest cuz they've got proof he was with his father that morning. of course, was just the CD case. maybe has had huge success as a producer with a series inspired by her grandma, the horror series gangee her Studios doing an American remake of the French film about cousin kissing. that was George Michael's favorite. and wants to protest it. and last time they protested, George Michael got a kiss. so they go. but turns out the protesting just made the movie more popular, and maybe gives George Michael a kiss. just then the floor of the model home collapses, and the cousins find themself are really making out. unfortunately, onto the house is where Jobe hid George senior, so he shows up at the courtroom empty-handed. and the brothers have a fight there again. their father does show up though, and decides for the good of the family, he'll turn himself in. of course, what he really does is shave his twins head and send oscar to prison. with george senior in prison, things are looking up for the Bluth company. Michael goes to brag to his father, only to discover it's his uncle. I'm Oscar. calm. Joe gets a letter from an organization that reunites fathers and sons, thinking his dad's reaching out to him. Steve Holt's dad never shows either, though. so they decide to have some son and son bonding time. of course, it's very obvious that Steve Holt his job son. things have been awkward between the cousins since they're kissed. so they agree to meet back in the stair car in the morning to kiss again. so it's not awkward. George Michael slept there so as not to miss it. but when Michael sees this, he thinks his son wanted some father-son bonding time. maybe, feeling ditched by her cousin, decides she may as well kiss Steve Holt, who is also, unknowingly, her cousin. Michael and his son go to the family cabin for some father-son time, but in the morning, he finds his own father. he's eventually brought in and put under house arrest, where his new warden is very strict. George senior claims that he was a patsy. he was set up by the Brits. Michael goes to wee Britain to investigate these claims and finds the files to be out of his reach. therefore, British eyes, he needs a beautiful British girl named Rita, and enlists her help. but he finds himself threatened by some scary Brits. maybe his father was telling the truth. job is planning his latest illusion. and Tobias, eager for any acting gig, offers to be his body double. he preemptively gets hair plants to prove his commitment. long story short, on the day of the illusion, it gets botched, and George senior has another failed escape attempt. now the Bluths finally fire berry and get a real attorney your name Bob Loblaw. Lindsay is still unhappy in her marriage to Tobias because he does things like this. an analyst and a therapist, the world's first an owl ripest, she tries to seduce Bob Loblaw, but accidentally hires him as an attorney instead. later, there's a church and State Fair where maybe tries to sabotage the beauty pageant, but ends up winning and entered - and comes in second place. and now that she's a big-shot second-place winner, she's too good for George Michael and dumps him. George senior says, Michael's been too scared to date since his wife died, and calls him a chicken ha, ha. so pretty soon the whole family joins in, and it's this glorious scene I haven't found. when I do, I will ask around his family. see, no chickens. Michael's love life is great though, with the hot British girl, Rita. she's an amazing, eccentric indie dream girl, and pretty soon Michael's fallen for her. but she's working with the scary British guy. and indeed, soon the Bluth company finds out he has a mole. my sources tell me that the leak goes by the name mr. Evans. Michael realizes mr. F is Rita, he's just being used, and he dumps her. meanwhile, George senior, under house arrest, has been using a surrogate to get around. there's a misunderstanding where Buster's controlling the surrogate, and builds a train set with his brother job. they use it to trick the Japanese investors into thinking they've actually finished construction. but meanwhile, Tobias has a new gym buddy. when he tells him he's an agent with the FBI, Tobias thinks that's a talent agency. and when he says he wants him to be a mole. Tobias thinks he means this, and Michael realizes that the real mr. F is Tobias. V&amp;K. Michael rushes to apologize to Rita, but now she's being deported, so he offers to marry her so she can stay in the country. they're excited to consummate their engagement, but George Michael's been spending some time with her and has noticed some strange behavior. a what did her mr. F bracelet me Tooley [ __ ], female, that's right. - Michael missed all the signs because her charming accent kind of covered it up. I've made a huge mistake. the scary British guy is no spy. he's just her uncle. and he wants to stop the wedding because he thinks Michaels taking advantage of her because she's rich with this information. the Bluth family is fully supportive, but Michael has to do the right thing and break up with her. the Bluth family holds their annual charity fundraiser to fight TBA, which is not a disease, it just means to be announced. but this year they have a great disease to fight graft-versus-host. Tobias's hair plugs have rejected his body and have been making him progressively more sick. so the gala goes well until the guests realized so bias can be cured if he just takes out his hair plants. George senior is trying to run the company from house arrest through job. he pits his sons against each other with competing banana stands, which eventually they realize is just a cover for this illegal Colombian deal he wants to do. the boys want to teach their dad a lesson by making it seem like he's kidnapped by Colombians. but their dad grabs a gun and shoots this guy's arm clean off. yes, that's why you don't teach your father lessons. it was Joe who told their plans. so the brothers are fighting again, just like they did as kids. but this time Jobe throws Michael off the balcony. what? aha. that was a lesson. don't pit your sons against each other. but all the commotion makes the real cops come, and they shoot Buster's hand clean off. that's his lesson. don't use amputees to teach lessons. near the end of season, three Arrested Development found out they were cancelled. so they start having funny Metta jokes, I don't think the home builders organization is gonna be supporting us. yeah, the HBO is not gonna want us. Michael wants them all to get jobs, and Jobe pretends to be a waiter as a joke. unfortunately, his mom has never looked at a waiter in her life. so trying to keep the joke going, he accidentally gets a job as a waiter. they're going to hold a fundraiser to save the family, but Lindsey is in charge of the food, soup water, so that's a failure. the prosecution finds an illegal account under n Bluth. Michael finds the secret room in the model home, which everyone else knew about and used for personal things. Michael discovers he has a secret sister named Nellie. he looks her up in his father's old files. turns out she's working as a consultant now, and they really hit it off, not because they're siblings, but because she's a prostitute. her pimp is actually job / Franklin. the girl in the photo was nothing bluth case is finally going to trial, and the whole family has to testify buster fix a coma to get out of it, which makes his nurse fall in love with him, until she finds out he's faking. and joke. flees to Iraq to do a magic show, only to accidentally start an anti-american protest. the brothers go to get him out of jail, but turns out their father sent him there to burn down the evidence of the trees in his houses. and who should be living in the Iraqi model home but Saddam Hussein look-alikes. it's a house of Saddam look-alikes. but in the secret room in this house, it's a nuclear bomb. the CIA comes and they're all under arrest. but that's a fake bomb. it's actually a CIA listening device. turns out it was the CIA who hired George Bluth through a British building company to build houses in Iraq so that they could surveil them. this means their father is innocent of light treason. definitely still guilty of embezzling, though. but they get them to drop all the charges. so the Bluth family is celebrating. things are looking up. for them. with all the excitement though, the family forgets about Maeby's birthday. so George Michael wants to throw her a surprise party, invites all of her contact book, which is mostly Hollywood big shots, and outs her secret. the cousins drink some fake wine, and George Michael reveals the big mystery that maybe they're not really cousins. so with this news, the cousins hook up again, only to discover in the morning that she has definitely Lindsey's natural-born daughter. but Lindsay gets some big news. she's not really a Bluth. she was adopted. meanwhile, George Michael finds his uncle job with his ex-girlfriend and her turns out job was a judge in the beauty pageant that always goes after second place cuz they have low self-esteem. so George Michael punches his uncle. what? amidst all this chaos, the company is saved, and Michael's really gonna be President. but the cops come again. this time they're after Lucille Bluth. turns out, on young his back, he disappeared halfway through the series because he's been collecting surveillance on them to grant revenge for his grandfather's banana stand. the seals not going quietly though, she hijacks the ship and takes it out to sea. so Michael decides it's time to let his family keep themselves together for a change. and that's how Arrested Development comes to an end. [Music]. 