[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2017 biographical or drama film, darkest hour. so let's get started. the film opens in England, May 1940, with the Labour Party demanding the resignation of British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain for his failures with the Nazis. Chamberlain tells the Conservative Party that he wants Lord Halifax to replace him, but Halifax doesn't want to become Prime Minister just yet. Chamberlain is forced to go with Winston Churchill, the First Lord of the Admiralty, the only candidate that the other parties will support. Churchill is a grouchy and hard to understand man, and quickly upsets his new secretary, Elizabeth Leighton. Churchill is reluctantly invited by King George the sixth to form a government including Chamberlain and Halifax. Churchill also does not have a great reputation with his previous position. parts of Parliament want to negotiate for peace with Hitler, but Churchill refuses, believing the Nazis to be untrustworthy. Churchill also lies to the public about how the Allies are losing the Battle of France, losing some respect from the French prime minister, Halifax and Chamberlain attempt a set of negotiations with Germany, using the Italian ambassador Giuseppe best Denis as a negotiator. Halifax and Chamberlain were both high members in their party, plan to resign if Churchill refuses, with the intent of causing a vote of no-confidence, which would allow Halifax now to become the prime minister. as this is all going on in parliament, the Battle of Dunkirk is going on, where hundreds of thousands of Allied troops are surrounded on the coast of France. against the advice of the War Cabinet, Churchill has the 30th Infantry Brigade lead a suicide attack in order to distract the enemy so that the soldiers at Dunkirk can be evacuated. though it looks grim, under the name operation dynamo, and with the help of civilians and soldiers alike, over 300,000 lives are rescued. the defeat in France has the War Cabinet pushing for negotiations with Germany. King George unexpectedly visits Churchill one night. the king expresses that he does not wanted to flee to Canada and rule exile while England is attack. intell's Churchill that he supports continuing the war. with Germany still uncertain what to do, Churchill ends up asking passengers on the London Underground what they think, and the citizens overwhelmingly support going to war. Churchill then meets with members of parliament who also support him. following the success of operation dynamo. Churchill prepares to address Parliament, and Halifax asks Chamberlain to continue with their plan to resign, but Chamberlain is unsure. towards the end of his speech, Churchill states, we shall fight on the beaches should Germany invade. Chamberlain decides to support Churchill, and the Parliament breaks out in an overwhelming applause. as the film concludes, we see Churchill's quote stating, success is not final. failure is not fatal. it is courage to continue that counts. so that was a spoiler for darkest hour. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on our various forms of social media, and remember to like and subscribe thanks for watching. 