welcome to slash forward. with this episode, we start an attempt at daily october uploads, filling out each week with selections from the popular 50 horror box set that was available a while back. episode 1 is gonna be adam age vampire, released in 1960. if you like pointing and laughing at antiquated depictions of gender roles, definitely subscribe to the channel there. there's gonna be a lot of that this month. let's get to it. we open on a hysterical woman, immediately told what's what by her beau pierre. he's leaving jeanette for the open seas due to her insistence on maintaining a career. so she quits in shame after he's already left. in her desperation, she tears down the road and, despite clear conditions, veers off onto a rocky embankment. flash forward three months, and we see she's horribly mutilated and bereft of all hope and personal sense of value. her sad story has made the news, and she's sent for by the disembodied hand of professor albert levin. as we gaze upon the monster jeanette's cursed visage, ignoring how easily it is to cover up. we witness her saved, in her final moments of despair by monique, who offers her the free services of a great scientist. however, she is incredulous of anyone's ability to repair the damage through exposition. we learned that levin has been working on a tincture to reverse the damaging effects of nuclear radiation and has developed a serum called derma 28. they just need someone to test it on. in the absence of jeanette, monique expresses her undying love by taking a lot of damage to her own epidermis, becoming a part of this new technological frontier. they find derma 28 to be effective, and he promises not to forget her on his way to the top. jeannette does visit the residence, and levin closely observes every lurid and horrible detail. but despite her willful arrival, she still requires convincing. after a demonstration of her poor trigger discipline, they managed to disarm her and sweet talk her into the operating room. here they cut her open for a topical treatment. and while she mends, we see pierre's return from his mistress the sea, and is depressed to find jeanette missing. while back at the lab, they presume that application to old wounds requires some time to soak in. and sure enough, it eventually works its magic. despite their initial success, levin is concerned about possible side effects like spontaneous makeout sessions and subsequent cattiness. as they observe the results over time, we learn levin is growing weary of monique's constant presence and is hoping jeanette's kiss can be leveraged into a lifelong relationship. in an attempt to kill two birds with one stone, he works as manipulative magic on monique, convincing her to let him tap into them glands to whip up some more derma 28 so he can prevent jeanette's backslide. the next day, the police show up, and we learn it's because monique is dead. due to the professor's good standing in the community, they take his word that she died under normal circumstances and forgo the autopsy. now free to begin shipping, they go cruising up the waterside, but have to return quickly when jeannette has a mild side effect of her face feeling like it's on fire. he struggles with what he has to do, eventually injecting himself with some concoction and getting all up in his feelings as he transforms into a sort of monster. he then takes to the streets, luring in a victim with a classic line, come here. i'll give you anything. you are all right, as long as what you like is being jostled. after pressing her gland and secreting her juices, he transforms himself back in this way, he keeps jeanette fresh and all for him. when she expresses concern about his suggestion of multiple transplants, he admonishes her, demanding repayment for the sacrifices he willingly made, and is kept secret from her sans receipts. she instead attempts to message pierre, but sasha's loyalties run deep, and levin destroys the correspondence. before long, we see pierre back in town, hard negging the girls, am i wrong? are you getting fatter? but wistfully reminiscing about how much he misses hard-nagging his girl, jeannette. but he finds her on the dock, and he's happy she's fixed her face so he can love her again, before she can convince her seaman to whisk her away, sasha drops him. as the police try to piece together how the missing woman could appear both suddenly and unmarred, they opt to go to the regeneration specialist they've recently met for input. however, the professor insists that someone with a face that jacked would be beyond help by the technological standards of the day. due to a sinking suspicion, the chief orders monique's body exhumed for an autopsy. meanwhile, at the lab, the professor tries to convince jeanette to undergo the final treatment, then see if maybe she feels like she loves him after that. he even returns her precious strap to her as a sign of good faith. pierre then returns hoping for help. he wants levin to convince the police his encounter could have been with jeannette, so they stay interested in the case. levin instead uses the opportunity to gaslight him, convincing him he just sees his lost love in every woman. the cops are actually on levin's trail anyway, related to the recent murder spree, having found similar cut patterns on monique as on the victim's strewn about town. they trail him to a local erotic theater, and he uses the crowd to slip out. unfortunately, he fails to claim his next victim, his heart just not being into it, and he retreats to his laboratory. levin decides to come clean to jeannette and hope for the best. but he gets the worst. despite the treatment taking full hold now and cementing itself into her face tissues, she refuses to run away with him. but he's sacrificed too much to give up now, and begins to transform. she has a chance to kill him and escape, but she finds him pitiable and screams into the night. this catches the ear of pierre hanging out in the streets outside, and he rushes in to get into a little shoving match with some light choking, eventually being [ __ ] slapped into oblivion. the professor retreats with jeanette to sasha's greenhouse, but fails to hide her before the police arrive. they have a brief standoff before sasha engages in some sort of mercy killing. i'm not sure what he did there. and then pierre and jeannette live happily ever after on the back of professor levin's hard work. that was an okay movie to start out with. it honestly wasn't totally incomprehensible, like i suspect many of these films will be. and it didn't really start falling apart until the end. if you enjoyed the video, i'd love for you to become a part of the channel by subscribing. thanks for watching. [Music]. 