hey, what's going on guys? today i'll show you a supernatural horror film, the lazarus effect. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. zoe is a medical researcher employed by a local university in california, funded by a biotechnology company. she conducts research on the dead animals, hoping to find a new serum to assist the coma patients, backed by the team consisting of her fiance, frank, the assistant boy, the it guy, and the intern girl eva. so he keeps testing the new serum on the dead animal's brain under electric shock. she devotes herself to such projects so much that she even delays her marriage with frank several times. zoe is haunted by a horrible nightmare originating from her childhood, where she witnessed the neighbors were trapped in a big fire and burned alive to death. the team keeps their test numerous times, but fails. until sunday, the assistant boy comes up with a new proposal to activate the serum, code named lazarus, which is then tested on a recently deceased dog with cataracts. they feel disappointed again at the beginning, though, but the dead dog gives no reaction to the electric shock. they get astonished later to find the dog is brought back to life and its cataracts disappear. with worries of any potential side effects, they decide to cover their first successful trial and just celebrate the breakthrough within the team. the dog, however, is behaving differently than it's supposed to do. it loses its appetite and demonstrates strange abilities. the following check shows that the serum, instead of dissipating, is constructing strange new synapses within the dog's brain. the dog is then confined in a cage and put on close watch by the boy during his night shift, who's, however, busy with a game before his computer, but later gets extremely horrified as he finds that the dog has escaped out, turns the kitchen into a total mess and even plays the hide-and-seek game in the lab, a horrified boy asks to terminate the god damn devil, while frank learns further that the dog shows its increasing aggression towards people due to the serum effect on its neuron. to be worse, their underground experiments are soon learned by the dean of their university, who claims that to be against the humanity. so the university decides to shut down the project with the project funds terminated and some of their research findings and lab equipment taken away. zoe is frustrated, deeply unwilling to see the team's four years efforts turned in vain. frank then proposes to make one last trial with the only one pack of serum left before the lab is completely cleared up by the university. during the middle of the night. zoe and her team sneak back into the lab with a lab locked and its surveillance system hacked down to cover their actions. everything's ready, and they begin to inject the serum inside the dog, before zoe switches on the electric shock, which, however, electrocutes zoe fatally. the desperate frank tries all he could do to give her the first aid, but so he's just lying there dead with no breath. it's revealed that the accident results from zoe's engagement ring on her hand, touched by his marriage promise. and unwilling to let his lover go, frank convinces the team and turns to the serum as his last resort attempting to resurrect zoe from the death with the electric shock switched on. however, no life miracle of zoe is shown before them. but right at that time, they soon discover the security on patrol coming towards the lab. frank has to quickly cover zoe's body up and hides up in the corner with the rest of the team. the security just leaves after checking nothing unusual in the lab. frank, however, is terrified when he turns around and sees zoe sit upright under cover of a white cloth. the team later finds that the serum causes zoe's brain to evolve incredibly rapidly. while frank feels glad to see his lover coming back to life, but he soon realizes something is wrong with zoe, who seems to be able to read his mind. what's more, she seems to develop some kind of superhuman powers such as telekinesis and telepathy. the serum also causes her increased aggression and insanity towards her reflection in the mirror and towards the dog staring at her with hostility. but mind killed by her suddenly, zoe gets frightened up by herself and claims that when she died, she went to her version of hell, the haunted nightmare from her childhood. frank tries to calm her down from her panic and gives her a shot of tranquilizer, explaining that she's just affected by her childhood trauma, probably due to the lack of oxygen during her death. while taking care of a sleeping zoe on the sofa, eva, however, finds herself unconsciously brought into zoe's nightmare, where she sees people struggling through the big fire and stretching their hands inwards the door, but on the other side, a sly little girl just standing still before the fire, terrified by charcoal hands trying to fetch her. eva wakes up from the nightmare and cries to the team about her sufferings. frank then explains zoe's years-long haunted nightmare to the team, but he seems to become suspicious over the burning star on zoe's hand. later, the it guy happens to learn that the surveillance system has been intruded on by the biotechnology company for a long time. so they decide to pack everything up and leave the lab before they get caught. however, at that moment, zoe is still struggling with the burning flames in her nightmare. she's then suspended up slowly in the air, with her eyes suddenly changing into horrible dark. zoe approaches the i.t guy first, who's surprised by her sudden show up from behind, not knowing what happened. the eit guy refuses her kiss, but gets thrown into a locker and crushed to death by her telekinesis. after that, zoe stays calm before the team and pretends not knowing where the it guy is gone. while the boy want to call the police for help, but only finds the telephone and power lines for the entire lab have already been cut off. the boy then challenges zoe and demands to know where the it guy is. zoe, however, kills him as well by lodging an e-cigarette into his throat, choking him to death. realizing the real danger this time, frank and eva try to run away for life, but get attacked and stuck in the objects controlled by zoe, who seems to play games to them with her super powers before eventually killing them with nowhere to hide in the lab, the desperate frank attempts to inject her with poison, putting an end to the devil created by himself. as he approaches zoe, slowly, trying to calm down his darling with a gentle love. zoe, however, actually reads his real intent and kills the man without any hesitation. later, zoe injects herself with an entire bag of the serum strengthening her abilities. eva, who's still alive and trying to locate zoe to inject her with the poison, is left in the dark. so he eventually finds eva and pushes her away, submerging her into her nightmare again, where she realizes a terrible truth, that zoe is exactly the little girl who caused the fire to burn the neighbors to death. and the little girl, however, is confined ever since by her guilt. eva then encourages the little girl to open their gate so as to put an end to her trauma and her dark soul as well. upon the little girls opening the gate, the holy light shines away the dark immediately, while eva injects the devil zoe with poison, seemingly causing her to turn back to normal as eva tries to explain all the happenings to a firefighter coming for the rescue. she's horrified to find the firefighter is actually zoe, who twists her neck to death at the end of the story, accompany with the team's dead bodies under the twinkling light. so he extracts her own serum saturated blood and injects it into frank's brain, successfully resurrecting him back from the dead. this is daniel cc. movie review by 