welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the hidden face. adrian quim gutierrez, a young orchestra conductor, is viewing a recorded video of his girlfriend, belen clara lago, informing him of leaving him. adrian becomes distraught. while drinking away his sorrows at a bar, he meets fabiana martina garcia, and they develop a relationship. fabiana moves into the house that adrian was sharing with belen. strange things begin to occur in the bathroom, with fabiana observing strange noises coming from the sink and bathtub and being scalded by an abruptly hot shower. adrian becomes a suspect in the disappearance of belen. however, the investigators can find no evidence of adrian's involvement in belen's disappearance. one of the police investigators, apparently a former boyfriend of fabiana, warns adrian that if anything happens to fabiana, he will kill adrian. it is revealed that the house is owned by a german lady, emma, who shows belle in a secret room built to hide her husband, just in case someone came to look for him. because he was a former nazi ss officer. the room is self-contained and sealed off from sound. on emma's suggestion, belen, jealous of adrian's flirtatious relationship with one of his violinists, veronica, decided to pretend she is leaving him. she records the video saying she is leaving as she hides in the secret room. the room has some one-way mirrors where she can observe adrian's reaction when she decides he has had enough. she looks for the key and realizes she lost the key and is now trapped in the room with no way to contact adrian. fabiana finds the key to the secret room, but she doesn't know what it is used for. fabiana eventually figures out that bellen is trapped in the house because belen is able to communicate through tapping on the pipes in the secret room, creating ripples in the full bathroom sink. as fabiana is ready to open the door, she pauses and decides not to rescue bellen because she might lose adrian. fabiana struggles with her decision, but decides to open the door and check on belen because she can't get a response from her. also, one of the investigators gave fabiana pictures of adrian and veronica, and she herself feels the pangs of jealously. as fabiana is checking on belle and laying in a bed in the secret room, bella surprises fabiana and knocks her out and leaves fabiana locked in the room. belen decides to leave the house. she leaves the key to the secret room on a bed for adrian to find, and leaves a picture of the two of them taped to the mirror that acts as the door to the secret room. the final scene shows balance sitting on the beach alone and fabiana trapped inside, hoping to be rescued. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music]. 