[Music], goodbye, ghost. so as tommy says goodbye to ghost, we're gonna follow tommy in chicago, which is definitely the most anticipated spin-off in the power universe. but people still asked a question about ghost, and 50 cent had a few interesting things to say, whether we could see ghost again and what we can expect from tommy spinoff, powerbook 4 force. so in this video, we're going to go through 50s interview and comments on the return of ghost, but only in flashbacks. and we're going to talk a bit more about powerbook 4 force and what we can expect from the tommy show. but of course, if you're new to the channel, and you haven't done so already, then remember to smash the subscribe button. you shouldn't see everything powerful full force, powered universe and bmf related. but let's go through 50s into you first and go through what he said, and then we're going to break it down with what it could mean for tommy spinoff and ghost himself. now 50 cent did an interview with the express, and he said, tommy's show is going to be the true organic spin-off. we're going to see some interesting things, and i expect to blow the wheels off the people. but when he was asked about ghost return he said, maybe flashbacks or something, but not in the present day. so that's what he said about ghosts and powerball full force. now, of course, we're going to start with him telling us that ghosts won't be returning in the present day, but possibly in flashbacks. and this is something i thought would happen eventually, especially with tariq and how we saw him having a hallucination of kanan in the final episode of power. we've seen ghosts having hallucinations of both angela and kanan as well before. but we haven't actually seen tommy having any hallucinations of anyone as of yet. but it is something i think we will see at some point, or in flashbacks, either with kane and or ghost just like 50 said, power have never really been big on flashbacks, and we never really saw any flashbacks, apart from the few hallucinations, in power. but having said that, we did see a flashback scene in powerbook 2 ghost with tariq in episode 9, just before drew was shot. we also saw a flashback at the beginning of raising canaan with kanan in 1985. and we might now get some flashback scenes in powerbook four fours, especially as we start to follow tommy's journey on his own and as he had goes by his side for large parts of power tommy definitely has a inner ghost in himself, and there are definitely a lot of versions of ghost. something i raised before in one of my ghost character analysis videos was how he constantly looked in the mirror at different stages of his journey in power, symbolizing his change and the character that he was at that stage of his journey. and with tommy, we are definitely going to see something similar as he now tries to figure out how to move in chicago, because he's going to have to adapt and change his ways. be the same old tommy, but he'll have to adapt to his new surroundings with the people that he meets along the way, such as dmacc gennad diamond, simon mcdougall, gloria walter flynn. there are definitely a lot of new characters that tommy is going to meet, and i'll do a character breakdown for all of these characters in the lead up to powerball full force. but along the way, no doubt, he'll have some troubling times when he starts to question, can i really do this without ghost? this is when we could without ghost. this is when we could see him having those flashbacks 50 speaks of, until he has a eureka type of moment when he realizes that he's been doing this his whole life and he doesn't need ghosts anymore. he's moved on. just like the clip i played for you at the beginning, goodbye ghost. and as he says goodbye to ghost, then we're really going to start to see tommy egan making calculated, strategic moves, but he'll still be the same old, savage tommy that we know him as. and no doubt, he'll be cancelling christmas on a few characters. and this really will be the continuation from power as 50 confirmed in his interview. it's going to be the true organic spin-off. we're going to see sex, violence, death, heartbreak. and it really is going to bring the old power vibes back that we associated with the original power series. but i'm going to keep this video short and sweet and leave you to give me your thoughts on seeing ghost in flashbacks, because i've gone through the teaser for powerball full force. what we can expect from some of the characters already. so i'm gonna leave those links down below for you guys if you've not seen them. but let me know what you guys think about ghost returning, but only in flashbacks and not in the present day. as 50 said in his interview, drop all your thoughts down below in the comment section, and drop some of your predictions on tommy as he now begins a new chapter in his life in chicago. but for those who are new to the channel, remember to smash the subscriber and if you want to see everything power universe related, because we've got power book 2 goal season 2, coming on november the 21st, before we get to tommy's spin-off in chicago. and i've put an article linked down below in the description and in the comments section for those who want to take read yourselves. but anyway, guys, as always, thank you guys for watching, and i'll see you next time. 