God of War three was released in 2010. and honestly, since then, I don't believe that games have really changed that much. looking at the generation before it, from the ps2 to the ps3, there was a huge leap in terms of quality of content and the way that games played out and what the systems could handle. since then, I think the changes have sort of been superficial. many of the the games that were released on the ps4 within the last two or three years, I believe, could have been released on the ps3. and there isn't that much difference, except from on a graphical level. and so I thought I'd go back to this, what many consider a classic, and God of War three, and see if it still holds up today, and if it is as good as many people said that it was back then. and so starting off the story, I'll note was, when playing through this is very thin, and it becomes over can overcome volute with the the Pandora storyline. eventually she saw the way, she ties in, and this plot seems a bit pointless. and by the end, it's sort of for nothing. and there's gonna be huge spoilers in this review, so I recommend that you if you want to play the game fresh then, you know, where the hell have you been for the last eight years or so? but, you know, turn this off for hit subscribe. and so it's revealed in the box that there was nothing. so the entire game that you've been playing through in order to get this box, it's been a complete waste of time, really. and which, you know, it's, it's quite sour. and you go into a massive force walk in section as well at the end of the game, which seems really counterintuitive, especially when God of War, to the ending of that, the last 90 minutes of it just kept ramping up and ramping up, and there was fight after fight, and you were constantly on the edge of your seat with it. where is this? it's, it's quite downtrodden. and it's strange how games have sort of become a lot like that. like Arkham Knight is very downtrodden towards the end. the Last of Us is, a lot of games now sort of prefer to end their their game on an anticlimax in a story section, rather than a boss fight. so it's quite interesting to go back and see where it sort of began in this game, and it's not very well executed here, though, so I didn't particularly enjoy it. and you know, the the cliche ending of the hero kills himself, and then after credits you see the body's not really there. that's sort of, but obviously, you know, that had to be done to play into what's gonna be coming out next year, hopefully, God of War. for I found with the game itself, if you level up properly very early on, then most of the fights become an absolute dawdle, even on hard. I never understood, in God of War ascension, there was the section where, I remember people complain that the difficulty spike was so massive. and it was like, oh, no, no gun can ever pass this. and they actually had a release of patch and to correct the difficulty on that and make it slightly easier. I'm a bit of a warrior, so when I hear games are difficult, I think, oh, you know, kind of, can I even go through this? can I be bothered? anyway, I got in that section in God war ascension, got through it first time, didn't even realize hadn't had the patch, and I was like, what was that? why everyone's talking about their bit of mobs them. and so, yeah, it's, it's weird how, you know, games have sort of release patches now where they sort of cater to their audience. whereas back in the day of, like, the the Super Nintendo and stuff, you got a game that was hard in the if you didn't complete it, they're like, yeah, so do you make you're not completing there. and whereas now, I think a lot of artists, they put so much time into these later sections in the game. they really want you to level up. and there's absolutely brilliant, brilliant abuzz fights, like the Cronus one here. this is outstanding, even today. it definitely stands out as the highlight in the entire God of War series, the fact that there's such a significant feeling of scale. like, you, you, you go to where you're up basically on this massive level that's a moving creature, and the camera zooms in, like you can see at the moment, at this moment, yeah, you fully pulled out. you've seen the full scope of the character. and then you zoom right into like the tiniest section on them, and come flying out, and you're just basically an ant on them. and it's still so impressive today. and I really do not know how they managed to pull this off. and I kind of wish more games had sections like these, because it is really thrilling to fight a massive boss. you know, it's very superficial, but it's just the feeling of power that you get from kicking the crap out of someone who's a million times your size. there's great puzzles in this um, but, you know, there's a lot of parts that take place in the dark, where you've got a walk around dark corridors, and you can't really see what you go in, and you have to stop lights to fight, stop lights to fight. and it's, it just slows the pace a bit in the combat, because of it really suffers um. so I didn't really like those sections, and I think they've aged very poorly a lot of the combos in this game as well. or just square, square triangle. if you just keep hitting the square, square triangle, you'll get through every fight. and it's a shame that the clicks cameras sort of don't allow you to see a lot of the things that you're fighting. and a lot of the times you'll be hitting things off screen and just kind of guessing where they are. and because of that, the combat doesn't feel as defined as it should do. a lot of people, including myself, used to praise God of War for how good the combat was. it really influenced a lot of games. but then the arkham combat came out, and that was sort of the step above, and it's sort of the industry standard at the moment. and going back to this, it feels a bit strange. and because of it, it's, it's quite difficult to get into the fighting as I once had being into it. and obviously, this is a game made up of fighting. you pretty much get our [ __ ] from kill room to kill room. there's a bit where you're flying through a level, and then you land in a kill room, and you have to fight these like monsters. and honestly, if you'd landed like 5 foot in front, you wouldn't have had to fight them, and you would have just went on the next objective. so it really feels like they're just padding out the game. especially towards the end, there's so many mind-numbing fight and it just becomes a slog especially when you don't know what you hit in most of the time, and it's just wave after wave of villain that you've fought throughout, and you just really want to progress with the story. last night, I knew I was coming towards the end of the game, so I thought, ah, I've been on two hours. I'll just stay for another 15 minutes, because I think that's all the game has. anyway, I was there another two hours because it was just, there was so much, just padding of fighting boss, a crappy little boss after boss, and it just got, it just got mind them and after a while. and it really takes the enjoyment out of the game for you. and because of that, it actually sours the ending. and it's just, yeah, there's certain things in it that, you know, really don't hold up, and it's really unfortunate. there's lots of backtracking, and you go up and down that mountain several times. you like, bloody Brian Blessed, going up and down that mountain. yeah, you having that one, that brilliant Joe. and there's weird bits in the plot, like Pandora, there's a bit where she really panics, and she's like, oh, my god, Susan's coming. and you can hear, you can hear the chicken, oh my god, Susan's coming. blues tower, come rescue me, Chris. and you get there and it's just fine. and they do that several times, and it's just to make them feel a sense of urgency, but there's no point in doing it. and you've got terrible moments like this where the graphics really take a dip on the ps4. I don't know why it looks so badly textured, because it looked okay on that on the ps3. and so yeah, there's just a couple of janky bits that really haven't held up overall, though. do I feel like this is worth playing? if you want, if you never have and you gotten to god of and you want to get in the car for try and pick up the M remasters of God of War one and two, because two is one of my favorite games of all time, and it really is it. I still think it holds up, and that will give you really good demonstration of whether you want to get into this world. and but for everyone who wants to play God of War three, I don't massively recommend going back to it, and that's why I'm giving it a 7 out of 10. so what do you think in the game? comment below. let me know, and I'll see you next time, take care. 