hello. my name is Steven, and today I'm going to talk about The Da Vinci Code. [Music]. Jacques Sauniere, Aluva, curator, is pursued through the Grand Gallery by an albino Catholic monk named Silas, who demands the location of the Priory's Keystone to find and destroy the Holy Grail. Sonya gives him a false lead, and he's murdered. the police find his body posed like da Vinci's Vitruvian Man. police captain bezu Fache has his lieutenant, jerome :. summon american symbologist robert langdon, who is in Paris for a lecture on the interpretation of symbols, to examine Sonya's body. Langdon has shown the body and a secret message, readable only by a black line. it contains an out-of-order Fibonacci sequence. Sophie Neveu, a police cryptographer and Sonya's granddaughter, tells Langdon that fash planted a tracker on him. after finding the words, PS find Robert Langdon at the end of Sonya's secret message, bash believes Langdon murdered Sonya. sophie throws away the tracker, distracting the police, while they sneak around the louver, finding more clues in Leonardo da Vinci's works, Langdon deduces that Sonya was the Grand Master of the Priory of Sion Silas, works for an anonymous person named the teacher. along with members of Opus Dei, led by bishop aringarosa, Langdon and Sophie traveled to the depository Bank of Zurich and access Sonya's safe deposit box using the Fibonacci sequence. inside is a cryptex, a cylindrical container that contains a message on papyrus. it can only be opened without destroying the contents by turning dials to spell a code word. as police arrived, bank manager andr\xc3\xa9 Vernet helps Langdon and Sophie escape, then attempts to steal the cryptex and murder them. Langdon and Sophie escaped with the cryptex. they visit Langdon's friend, sir leigh teabing, a Holy Grail expert. teabing claims the Grail is not a cup, but instead his Mary Magdalene. he says she was not a prostitute, but the wife of Jesus Christ. teabing argues that Mary was pregnant during his crucifixion. and the Priory was formed to protect their descendants. the Opus Dei have been trying to destroy the Grail to preserve the credibility of the Vatican. later, stylus breaks into t bings house, but teabing, who uses crutches, uses one to disable him. the group escapes to London via T beings private plane along with his Butler, Remy Jean. they travel to the temple Church, but the clue to unlocking the cryptex is a red herring. Silas is freed by Remy, while claiming to be the teacher and taking teabing hostage, dumping him in the car trunk and taking Silas to hide out in an Opus Dei safehouse. teabing, who is revealed to be the teacher, later poisons Remy and sends the police after Silas. Silas is shot by the police after accidentally wounding a ringa Rosa, who is promptly arrested by fash who resents being used to hunt Langdon. Langdon and Sophie are confronted by teabing, who wants to bring down the church for centuries of persecution and deceit. the trio goes to Westminster Abbey, to the tomb of Isaac Newton, a former Grand Master of the Priory. teabing demands that the pair open the cryptex. Langdon tries and then tosses the cryptex into the air. T Bing dives for it, catches it, but vinegar dribbles and the papyrus, thought destroyed, the police arrived to arrest teabing, who realizes Langdon must have solved the cryptic sis code and removed the papyrus. the code is revealed to be Apple, after the apocryphal myth of the Apple, which led Newton to discover his law of universal gravitation. the clue inside the cryptex, which tells of the grail hiding leaf the Rose, leads Langdon and Sophie to Rosslyn Chapel in Scotland. inside the chapel, they discover Magdalenes tomb has been removed. Langdon, after searching through documents, realizes that Sophie's family died in a car crash. that store near was not her grandfather, but her protector, and that she is the last descendant of Jesus Christ. the two are greeted by several members of the Priory, including Sophie's grandmother, who promises to protect her. Langdon and Sophie part ways, the former returning to Paris. while shaving, he cuts himself and has an epiphany when his blood curves down the sink, reminding him of the rose line. realizing the true meaning of the cryptex clue, he follows the line to the louver, concluding the Holy Grail, the sarcophagus of Mary Magdalene is hidden below the pyramid. in verse II, Langdon kneels above it. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. [Music] 