[Music]. in the Cenozoic era, six interplanetary warriors, the Power Rangers, are tasked with protecting life on Earth and the Zeo crystal. the Green Ranger Rita Repulsa, betrayed them and plans to dominate the universe. the Red Ranger, Lordan, survives Rita's attack and hides five of the Rangers power source, the power coins. he orders alpha 5 to perform a meteor strike that kills him the dinosaurs and sends Rita to the bottom of the sea, coiling her scheme. in 21st century, angel Grove High School football star Jason Scott is dismissed from the team and placed under house arrest after a failed prank. in detention, he encounters Billy Cranston and Kimberly Hart. after defending Billy from a bully. Billy offers to deactivate Jason's ankle monitor for help at an old gold mine that evening. once there, Jason leaves to explore and runs into Kimberly. Billy detonates explosives to break some rock, attracting the attention of Jason, Kimberly and nearby students, Trini and Zak. the five discovered the power coins and each take one. while escaping mine security, their car is hit by a train. the five find themselves at home the next morning and discover they have been granted superhuman abilities. elsewhere, Rita's body is found. waking, she goes on a rampage hunting pieces of gold to raise her minion Goldar to find the Zeo crystal. the five teenagers returned to the mind and discover an ancient spaceship where they meet alpha 5 and zordons consciousness. they inform the teenagers about the Rangers history and Rita, warning that they have eleven days until Rita has her full power, finds the Zeo crystal and uses it to destroy life on Earth. the five leave the ship with no intention of returning, until Zordon pleads with Jason to convince the team. the five returned to train the next day, but they cannot morph. they spend the next week training against simulated putties and training unsuccessfully to morph to inspire the Rangers. alpha reveals the Zords. Zak takes his Zord out for a joyride and almost kills the other Rangers when he crashes it. this angers Jason, and they fight while trying to separate the two. Billie spontaneously morphs. however, when he becomes conscious of it, the armor disappears. angered at their lack of progress, Zordon dismisses the group. jason returns to the ship to confront Zordon and discovers that once the rangers morph, it will open the morphing grid and allows Orton to restore himself in a physical body. feeling betrayed, jason accused his sword on of using the team for his own benefit. the team camp at the mine and bond with each other. later that night, Reda attacks Trini and orders her to bring the rangers to the docks. Trini informs them about Rita, and they arrived a fight, but are quickly defeated. Rita forces Billie to reveal the location of the Zia crystal, which he'd figured out killed him, and releases the others. the rangers take Billy's body to the ship and ask Lauren to resurrect him. the Rangers agree they would give their lives for each other and resolve to defeat Rita. in doing so, they unlocked the morphing grid. Zordon revives Billy, sacrificing being able to restore his physical self, with the team restored and competent, the Rangers morph into their armor. Rita creates Goldar, raises an army of putties and attacks angel Grove to find the Zeo crystal. the Rangers battle the patties and head to Angel Grove in their Zords. after the Rangers destroy the putties, Goldar pushes the Rangers and their Zords into a fiery pit. in the pit, the Zords combine, forming the Megazord. Rita merges with gold are. the Rangers battle and destroy gold are. after refusing Jason's offered to surrender, a defiant Rita tells the Rangers that more will come for the crystal and leaves that the Megazord, only to be slapped into space. the Rangers are praised as local heroes, and with Rita's threats foiled, they return to their normal lives. in a mid credit scene, in detention, the teacher announces that Tommy Oliver will be joining them, but the desk is empty, save for a green jacket. you 