hey, i can't believe you're alive. i saw you die. i mourned you. i cried for you. come on, what did you expect? welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka, the guy who touched himself and created a nexus event. episode 5 of loki is now here, and we're almost in the end game. the penultimate episode is packed with big reveals, a whole host of variants, easter eggs and some major call backs to the comics. throughout this video, we're going to be breaking it all down, but full spoilers ahead. so if you don't want anything ruined, then i suggest you get pruned, smash the thumbs up button and make sure you subscribe from not only your account, but also your variants as well. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now let's get into loki episode 5. okay, so episode 4 ended with loki and silvi coming face to face with the timekeepers. after they were captured by the tva. they managed to escape their confines, and silvi beheaded the central figure to reveal that it was all a big lie. loki was pruned by ravona rensslayer, and the post-credits scene revealed that he was actually transported to the trash timeline of 2020. now, shout out superhero nexus for pointing out that this scene very much recaptured the moment in the avengers when they caught loki. loki was left in a similar position, in which he was on his back and some characters stood towering over him. the music in this scene even played upon the avengers theme. and this episode itself is very much about assembling a number of loki's. this actually pulls directly from the mighty thor number three, in which the character got together all of his variants. and amongst these were things like kid loki, who we met in the last episode, the hulking one that was teased at an episode two. and he's standing alongside the classic viking looking loki that also appeared in that lineup. there's also an animal version of the character, as well as the classic loki, all of which appear in this episode at some point. now, the episode itself is called journey into mystery, which was initially published by atlas comics, aka marvel, before they became marvel. this series ran from 1952 to 1966, and is very much regarded as a golden age of door unlucky stories, which does hint towards the plot of this entry. we do take a sort of trip down memory lane and see various incarnations of the character that have appeared throughout the years. now we pick up in the tva. and in a blink and you'll miss a moment, you can see the words oak island, nova, scotia written on the big timeline monitor. this likely ties back to the oak island mystery, which refers to apparent buried treasure at the island that holds great value. no one knows exactly what it is, but people have speculated things like the ark of the covenant to pirate treasure and even shakespeare's manuscripts. the camera spins upside down, which is quite disorientating, and we walk from the main monitoring station to the golden elevator. this is adorned with the tva symbols that look a lot like a cross between the infinity symbol and also an hourglass. from here, we cut to the head of the timekeeper before journeying to the destroyed timeline. now, on the old avengers tower, you can see that it reads kang. in the comics, this was the company that stark sold the avengers tower 2. and it was connected to kang the conqueror, who gets several references in this episode. this opening scene is breathtaking, and it just gives you an idea of the full scope and scale of the void. o loki says that they have to leave before they become elias lunch. and fans of the comics will know that this is a trans temporal cloud that has the ability to destroy all that it touches. it exists across several timelines and can even move through dimensions. at one point, it threatened kang's dimension, and potentially, in the mcu, he may have captured it and turned it into his guard dog. from here, we occur to the titles and we join sylvie questioning ren slayer in the supreme court where the former escaped at the start of episode 4. ren slayer seems like she genuinely wants to learn who's behind the tva, and also who lied to her. she explains how pruning works, and instead of wiping something from existence, we learn that it's simply sent to the end of time. here, the timekeepers are apparently building a utopia. but as we see it's absolutely terrible. now, the idea of this utopia was, of course, brought up by mobius earlier in the season, and it's clear that the tva very much view themselves as missionaries, almost carrying out the acts of god. the entire tva just seems like some big religious system in which its agents believe they'll be rewarded with paradise. and hell, even the first shot of mobius was him in a church. so it all ties back to this theme. now we cut back to the void, and we see what may or may not be the mary celeste. the ship was found abandoned with half-eaten food on the table, but absolutely no sign that there had been anything untoward. it, too is one of the great mysteries, and it's lined up next to ufo, which, if you believe stories about the bermuda triangle, are things that regularly abduct ships. the dialogue the loki's have is hilarious. and amongst the void, we see weird animals that shouldn't exist and statuesque heads. the plan is don't die. and it's clear the group have been lying low for as long as they can in what they describe as a shark tank. now, as for kid loki, his introduction in the comics actually ties heavily in with lady loki. i don't want to go over her origins again, as i've done about three videos on them so far. but just to give you some context, she is what loki became after the fall of asgard. the souls of the asgardians ended up inhabiting the bodies of certain people. and in this new form, loki said she was gonna be a force for good. however, that was a lie, and she ended up joining the dark avengers, which launched an attack on the newly formed asgard. loki wanted to rule over it, but as always, thor won and he was killed. however, we learned that before this attack, loki had manipulated heller to strike his name out of the book of hell, which meant he could be reborn instead of dying hell. with one l is, of course, the nordic version of it. and loki himself even name-dropped it in the post-credits scene last week. he was reincarnated into a french boy named sarura, who was a pickpocket in paris. though found him, but he had no memory of who he was and tsuru was terrified of this man chasing after him, saying, you're my brother. however, thought eventually caught him and learned from syria that he had dreams where he carried out horrible acts. loki slowly started to accept that he was the villain, and thor ended up restoring his identity, though he did remain in this kid body. from this point out, thor acted a lot like a guardian, and he protected him from odin, who was angry about the asgard invasion, as well as iron man kid. loki eventually came face to face with his older self, and this spirit revealed that his life and death had all been part of the plan. he knew that he needed contingencies, and put this in place to ensure that he could be brought back. this pretty much created a loop. and the idea of loops is lays throughout the show and loki's existence, most notably the version played by richard e grant. now, this pulls from oh loki, who we've talked about in several videos so far. again, i don't want to just be repeating myself, but this comic book accurate costume and the fact that he's an older variant lets us know that he's lived through a lot of things. loki, in the comics and very much the mcu, has always been seen as a character that's a stepping stone which propels others to greatness. this was, of course, brought up in episode 1. and in agent of asgard, an older version of loki manipulate his younger self into almost becoming a bigger and better version of the character. however, the agent of asgard version ended up leaving, and he went off to become a positive version of loki. now, this idea of loki's improving loki's is very much late throughout the show, as well as the message that you should learn to love yourself. and there's also croaky little little dial so so bad. you know, actually, that's quite a good one. and boastful loki who carries around a hammer similar to malnier. i thought last week that he might be worthy, but it looks homemade. and the character's name likely comes from him being a show off kid. loki, in this version, killed thor, showing why he's the leader. this is something that every single version of loki has probably tried to do at some point. but the fact that he succeeded, makes him a boss. we get another shot of the landscape, and can catch yellowjackets, helmet, who you might remember, was sucked into a strange void at the end of ant-man. it's hilarious if he ended up here. and this entire episode just feels like one big easter egg hunt. we can also catch a missile, which may be the one that hank pym disarmed in the film, alongside the thanos copter, which, i'm going to be honest here, is my favorite easter egg in a marvel property. ever before he was collecting infinity stones, thanos was a menace to the sky. and it's hilarious seeing this goofy thing amongst the wreckage. now, the group hide in a subterranean base. how we catch the rock, aka the frog version of thor, trapped inside a jar. this also has t-365 written on it, which isn't know to throw the mighty 365, which was the first full appearance of the character. we see their little hideout, and this has some cool little details hidden away in it. now, in the corner, we can catch a polybus arcade cabinet. in case you haven't heard of these, there's a weird conspiracy theory surrounding them and a lot of questions over whether they actually existed or not. similar to the db cooper mystery, the show is pulling from real life things in order to sort of poke fun at some of our unsolved mysteries and urban legends. according to the internet, these game boxes were capable of mass hypnosis and mind control. but there's no record of them actually ever existing. however, online people claim to have played them, and according to eyewitness accounts, they were taken away by mysterious men in black. it's appeared as a joke in a lot of things, including the simpsons, and i'm glad that it's shown up here, as it shows it's all connected. now, back at the tva, we see sylvie and ren slayer going through the timeline with miss minute. i have been saying that the ladder might be the big bad behind it all, but after her appearance here, i feel like an idiot, and i'm taking the l i did get mentioned in men's health for that though, which is ironic, as i've been sick all week. hey, having that? no, no, sure. shout out to the middle man who wrote that joke on one of my vids. and you congrats to me. you're much funnier than i'll ever be, and i'm stealing your jokes now, they realize that the answers they seek are past the void itself, and say that they'll find the man behind the curtain, which isn't known to the wizard of oz, in which the real wizard was simply hid behind one. before sylvie can enact her plan, the tva security arrive, but she self-prunes instead of handing herself over. back at the void, boastful loki bragg said he bagged the infinity stones and defeated iron man and cap, which is a lie. the alligator snarls at him, and we learned that its nexus event was eating the wrong neighbor's cat. we can also see a box of roxy wine, which likely calls back to the rocks caught disaster, and also the company roxcon from the marvel comics. over a burned-out campfire of bowling pins, they share their war stories, and we hear from ol loki exactly what happened to him. he says that during the events of infinity war, he faked his death instead of attacking thanos. and it's something that we've long theorized at the channel. he divulges that he cast himself out and ended up living as a hermit on a solitude planet. however, his love for his brother is what got him caught. and he talks about how loki's all have one part to play. this is a call back to agent of asgard, in which the elder vision said that upon completing his goals, that the all mother revealed to him that it had been a ruse and that loki could never be a hero. instead, he was just a pawn to make others improve. and this sent him off on a much worse path. loki says that he's going to kill eliath and that he needs all the help he can get. but they burst out laughing, like everyone does when i say, croaky, hey, croaky, it is a good one. now, upon exiting loki, comes face to face with both loki and several other versions of the character, including my man on the top right, who looks exactly like the one that we saw in episode two. now, as for what happens in well, loki, we've actually done a full plot breakdown of the entire story. if you're someone who doesn't like politics, and comic books, then it might not be for you. and it took a lot of shots at the 2016 u.s presidential election. i wouldn't really say that it took aside. and it pretty much came to the conclusion that both sides lied so much that someone who actually admitted to lying, like loki, was a breath of fresh air. his campaign actually ran on the idea that he would be constantly lying, but that people tended to vote for the lies that they wanted to hear. his slogan was even believed with the word lie highlighted, showing what kind of leader that he wanted to be. after a debate was attacked by hydra, loki stepped in and saved the day. even though loki was from asgard, he said that because his origins were based in myths and legends, that his birth story had been retold several times, and thus this version was born in the usa. can do a really good impression that cause of my cold. now, loki ended up doing all this spin that would come with a political campaign, and this slowly led his followers and enemies to cause a civil war in the country. at his final rally, people realized that he was just spouting catchphrases and didn't have any real plans. loki ended up withdrawing, but the book finalized with him contacting the favorite to win. and we learned that him derailing his own campaign was all part of the plan. though we didn't know who was on the other end of the line, it became clear that the president would owe loki a big, big favor. anyway, they all have to work together. and sylvie wakes up in a nest of branches that may be what group protected the guardians with at the end of their first film. she runs from eliath, and during this gets a vision of a tower at the end of time. now, this looks a lot like colditz, which was a stronghold for the germans during world war ii. a lot of fascists and dictators have hung out here. and i love that the leader of this fascist society of the tva, is hanging out here. luckily, she's saved by mobius, a marvel. as always, cheeky, cheeky, cgi removed her out of this scene in the trailers. now, shout out simone berman on twitter for pointing out that this could be a nod to pixar, who put a pizza truck in every one of their films. we also see a pyramid and sphinx, which may be an autorama tut aka, a version of kang that traveled back in time to ancient egypt in order to be a pharaoh. maybe a reach. probably i reached that, but we'll see. we'll see what happens next week, and i'll be like, i knew all along. now, the loki's are absolutely furious. and we learned that both for loki, betrayed the other ones, which, of course, is the character's shining personality trait. both loki's forces betray him, and then the alligator loki bites off, but loki's hand, which leads to all the other loki's duking it out. gotta hand it to that alligator one, he's a, he's a good guy. he hadn't it now, oh, loki, kid. loki. loki and alligator loki say, see you later, alligator. and they managed to escape. it hits them just how broken they are, and they realize anytime they try and better themselves, they're sent to the void. it's a moment of self-reflection for them, in which loki fully steps into being a hero. and mobius has a moment like this too with sylvie, where he comes to the conclusion that his entire existence has been based on a lie. sylvie is desperate to find loki, and the latter part of the episode is very much about loki diverting from the path of selfishness in order to do something bigger. now, as they circle the landscape, we can see a ship drop in, and can tell from its hull that this is the uss eldridge. shout out to deidre o'brien on instagram for pointing this out. and there is a lot that we can take from it. now, the uss eldridge is a real life ship that took part in the philadelphia experiment. and according to reports from from dude bro, trust me, it was rendered completely invisible. now that might not have happened yet, but my uncle said it did. and there's a lot of myths and rumors surrounding the ship, which have led to some wild theories being brought up over the years. eyewitnesses have said that the ship was teleported in new york. some have said it was another dimension, and some have said that it ran into aliens. there was even claims that the soldiers aboard it were fused with the hull, and there's just a lot of things surrounding this ship that makes it a really cool easter egg. now i absolutely love that the set designers have really pulled from a number of things such as this and db cooper as. it just makes the show feel so much richer. they see mobius and selfie coming over the horizon, and there's lip service given to cannibalistic marauders, which is something that christopher columbus claimed to have come across when shotting america. they have a touching reunion, and hilariously, sylvie shuts down the idea of killing goliath, as she wants to enchant it. instead, we see that ren slayer is holding b15 hostage, and that she hasn't pruned her yet because she wants to know more about selfie. it's a really good scene in which we can see how sylvie is now being propped up as a hero. ren slayer wants to find out who's behind it all, too. and i think at this point it's probably gonna either be kang or he who remains. those are the only characters canonically that are really connected to the tva and i think we will probably get a tease to kang before we're properly introduced to him. in ant-man quantomania, loki and sylvie sit outside, and he initially conjures a blanket for himself, which kind of shows how selfish he still is deep down. he is doing a lot of this for sylvie, but i feel like as a character, he's someone who's still very self-centered. i mean, it's taken versions of himself to realize that. and he ends up creating an even bigger blanket. silvie worries that in the final moments, loki may betray her. and this is, of course, something that we've seen the car to do time and time again. expect the expected when it comes to him. but he says that's not who he is anymore, and promises to not let her down. your bloody better not. now, loki and sylvie are clearly flirting with each other. and i know i said last week that there wouldn't be any romance between them, but that's because the showrunner actually didn't interview stipulating there won't be. you do get a lot of flirty vibes from it here, though, so who knows? how it's gonna go. but ryanairy actually came up with a theory that if they create a child together, one that was born of variants, that it would completely open up the multiverse. and that's where the show is heading, could well be. and as they head out, we can catch the dark aster, which was rounding the accuser's ship in guardians of the galaxy. silvi wants loki to leave, but he decides to go with her kid. loki gives him a golden blade, which might be another sort of sigurd, a mystical weapon from agent of asgard. mobius returns to the tva and says that he'll burn it all to the ground. but before he goes, loki gives him a big hug and calls him, friend, i'm not crying now. just got a really bad cold. now, sylvie and loki head out and shouts to drip. underscore corey f on twitter for pointing out that you can see the head of the living tribunal amongst the landscape. this was a cosmic entity that proceeded over the multiverse, and he was put in charge of safeguarding it. thus, someone destroying the tribunal would allow them to create the tva. and i really like this easter egg amongst the rubble. oh, loki heads out, and we can also catch a heli carrier as well as what i think might be the skeletons of the whales that were part of thanos army. we can also catch the lighthouse of alexandria. and shout outs to superhero nexus for sending that one through. doggy puts himself forward to try and cause a distraction, while sylvie enchants the beast. however, it doesn't really work. but when all hope is lost, o loki manifests a giant version of asgard to distract a lion. and this makes loki see that they're stronger than they realize selfie holds loki's hand and together the pair enchanted. loki has been unable to do this thus far, but together, with their strength combined, they reach inside. sadly, o loki dies after sacrificing himself, which in some ways feels like a full completion of his character arc, as he, of course, refused to do it when it came to thanos. he screams glorious purpose and is killed. but he buys loki and salvi enough time to enchant the beast. after parting the clouds, much like how moses parted the red sea, a giant mansion and tower can be seen adrift in space. now we know that this is indeed a rock. and i'm kind of leaning a lot into the he who remains theory due to what we know of the comics. in those he who remains actually create the timekeepers at the end of time, and he sat there waiting for the next universal cycle to begin. i think, just due to what we learned in the episode, that he's a likely candidate. however, looking at the bigger mcu, namely the casting of jonathan mages as kang, they could be heading into that direction too. there are a lot of easter eggs and points towards him in this episode. and yeah, it just makes a lot of sense. ren slayer was also his girlfriend in the comics, so potentially she'll come across him and then realize, you know what, i like being part of the dba. i like being in line with this guy. and that will kind of line up a lot with the comics. now, that's what my thoughts on this series so far. as i'm sure you can guess, i'm really enjoying it. and i think the show has managed to capture the zany idea of the multiverse really, really well. it's giving us a lot of clues for what's gonna be happening in the mcu going forward. and i just love how there's the possibility that anything could really happen. i think that it's great that a show called loki has so many different versions of loki, and at the core, it's clear that this entire thing is about the villain very much learning to love himself. loki is one of the characters that's gone through so many different arcs, and he's someone who just can't seem to push past accepting himself for who he truly is, until it's too late. i love the idea of all these versions and variants coming together to truly show what it means to be a loki. and loki is very much using himself to propel himself forward into being a hero. i think that's what's at the core of this show, and it's already got me really engaged. i'm just very, very hyped for the finale. really enjoyed it. but i know, i know from the comments, that there are people out there who aren't enjoying it as much. but for me, i just love when things examine all iterations of a character from a top level view to show us what it truly means to be them. so yeah, it's gonna be interesting to see what happens. and i will, of course, be back for the finale next week. it's gonna be bittersweet watching it or wrap up. and before i forget, thank you everyone for your support in getting my videos trending each week on youtube. i'm really ill at the moment, but pushing through this, and i must say that the support makes it a lot easier. so i love you three thousand. obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the episode, so make sure you comment below and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize show on the 30th of july, in which we randomly pick three comments to win an mcu boxer of your choice. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our videos linked on screen right now, which will be perfect, the perfect thing to follow up this, i swear now, without the way, thank you. missing through the video. i've been paul, i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 