welcome to the man of recaps. this is Westworld, season 3, episode 3. this episode focuses on Charlotte Hale as a human. she was the powerful board member of Delos, the west-world parent corporation. but at the end of last season, she was killed by Dolores in a robot Hale body. this episode starts in the past when Dolores just got back and rebuilt her own body. the new Charlotte Hill wakes up. whose mind is in this one? well, that's the first things, yes, to self, Who am I? pretty soon she remembers, of course, she doesn't tell us, but it is not a recreation of Charlotte Hale. it is one of the hosts from the park. remember, Dolores was able to smuggle out a couple of control units. we don't know who those belonged to though. whoever it is, Dolores is like, hey, you got to go undercover, pretend to be the real Charlotte Hale, because we need you controlling Dell owes. and that's what we saw back in episode 1. knew Charlotte wanted to keep Westworld going so that, you know, she and Dolores can build more hosts. since the incident at the park, though, they want new heightened security measures, and one of them is an epic transformer. robot. cool. but then Charlotte gets some bad news. remember, she was trying to take the company private, so she and Dolores could do whatever they want with it without answering the shareholders. but turns out two mysterious buyer has been sneakily gobbling up shares of Dell O's. they've got a 38% share already. it's too much. they can't take the company private. turns out this mysterious buyer is Ciroc, the guy in control of Rehoboam. Charlotte gets home and her ex-husbands there. she thinks it's a booty call, but no, he's mad at her. she forgot to pick up their son from school. yeah, robot. Charlotte has had her mind on other things. it's crazy that she's got like, pretend to be the mom of this kid. now, let's finally check back in with Dolores and Caleb. she was just injured in the big gunfight, and the ambulance takes her on out of there. the paramedics, though, are reasonably confused when you know she doesn't have any vitals. they're stopped by the police. but Caleb gets a notification from his crime app Rico, Dolores is marked as a high-value target to kill. so he knows these cops aren't on duty. they're doing the crime app. classic dirty cops. he goes to stall them, like, hey, let me see a badge. but they're like, now, we don't have time for this. shoot the place up. Dolores is recovered enough though, to take these guys out. she hops in their squad car, which is the Tesla cyber truck. she's like, hey dude, thanks for the help. see you later. and Caleb's like, who is this chick zilla's realizes that a couple of the hosts control units were never found, as the few that Dolores smuggled out. but also Maeve's who we know ended up with Ciroc. the only way he could have gotten it is if there is a mole inside ellos. so fake Hale goes to meet up with Dolores. this season, by the way, has some incredible futuristic shooting locations. the all exist in the real world. fake hails freaking out a little. it's really getting to her, pretending to be Charlotte all the time. in fact, she's cutting herself. she claims she could feel the real Charlotte like trying to break free. it must be confusing to have multiple people's memories in your head and like, be in their body. but Dolores comforts her and puts her to bed like little kid. I don't know which host is in this body, but it's like Dolores is really nurturing her or him. could be anyone really. the next day, he'll is almost on time to pick up her son from school. her son's been hanging out at this nice man at the park with a cute doggy. oh, nah, he a predator. they kill crabs in like, hey, you're not the only predator here. she's like, you know what? some violence is just what I needed to remember who I really am. and all kills him. which host is in that head? we'll see. so caleb gets a notification to take himself in. yeah. he knows he's got a run. he goes to say bye to his mom, who still doesn't remember him, yeah, she's got the dementia. but before he can get out, he is picked up by a couple guys. Dolores, though, was thinking about Caleb. she has her new plant, the robot Scottish security guy look him up. she sees that he's being currently kidnapped, and decides to go off and get him. these guys were hired to get info from Caleb on this mystery woman. they turned back on the implant in the roof of his mouth, and with that, they're able to torture him without actually touching him, there at the construction site where Caleb currently works. so if they have to kill him, it'll look like a work-related accident. and Caleb's robot friend, coworker, wakes up. it's unclear why exactly. I'm not sure if Flores is hacking it, or if it like, knows Caleb's nearby, so it's activating itself. either way, it comes up to him, but it's not programmed to save him. it just sort of stands there, and these guys push it off the building. know who that was? arguably Caleb's best friend, except for the dead one that he used to get robo calls from. this guy really needs a social life, but his soon-to-be new robot friend, Dolores, shows up and actually saves him. Dolores takes Caleb out to breakfast at his favorite diner. she knows he comes here once a year and orders the same thing. he's like, yeah, big whoop. you probably saw him. I check in on Facebook. it's like, yeah, dad is everywhere. but she's like, hey, they've got way more data on you then you think. this is a transcript of the conversation you had with the waitress the day you're a mother abandoned you. yeah, she left him at the diner and after that was institutionalized with schizophrenia. he's like, what? there's no way they could have this. this didn't happen online. and like, it's my most personal traumatic memory. then she takes him for a walk on the pier. he's like, I know this one. this was my first beer with my high school friends. she's like, oh, cool. actually, I didn't know about that one. this pier, though, is where you're predicted to kill yourself. yes. Rehoboam has analyzed all the data of his life and has a predictive model for where its and in about ten years, after he never really gets his life going, he is predicted to kill himself right here. yeah. the problem with insights algorithm that runs the world and puts everyone in their best place, is that it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. it's decided that Caleb isn't suited for a better job or to have a family. so he really has no choice or freewill. no matter what he does, he can't break free of this loop. it's got him stuck in the horses like, look, kid, the world has abandoned you, but I like you. I know you've got gumption. and we've got full matrix here with Dolores as a sexy Morpheus. Caleb, it's time to break out of the matrix and take the fight to the man. this is exactly what Caleb's always felt in his bones, just the real thing he was looking for. he's in now. fake Charlotte's been watching a recording that the real Charlotte made back to started the robot uprising. she tearfully apologizes to her son for not being a better mother, and sings him, you are my sunshine. Charlotte's also been getting weird robo calls all week that's just like a computer tone. and she finally realizes it's singing, you are my sunshine to her. so she calls the number back, plays the full song as a password, and she's connected. her car hijacks itself, locks her in and takes her to a mysterious mansion. yeah, she's being brought in for a meeting with Ciroc. he's not actually here, though she's wearing the FaceTime holo glasses. but he drops a surprise truth bomb on her. his mole inside Ellis is Charlotte Hale. yes, he tasked her to retrieve all the data on guests that Westworld was storing. that's why she was so intent to get it last season, not for dello, spot for Ciroc. it's unclear if Robo Hill knows this, or if she's just playing along, but either way, she's now de facto working for both sides in the Ciroc Dolores confrontation. what mind is in that body and where will she go from here? find out next time on West world. hit that subscribe button for more of the best recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 