dr. who is back with another New Year special that leaves a lot to him back from it. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the episode, as well as wife could have in store for the new Time Lord. there will, of course, be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want to know anything about the special, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. but for everyone else, I'm definition. and welcome to the channel where I ruin it so you don't have to do after an enemy so terrible that it almost ravaged the world. is two feet in battle. custodians of its corpse severed it into three pieces and spread the part that opposite ends of the earth in the ninth century. however, this plan was foiled on the outskirts of York by robbers who murdered one of the custodians and caused a segment of its body part to remain in the ground, away from the sacred shrine. these robbers were unaware of the quest. and the stopping of the separation comes to fruition in the New Year special. after the body part in Sheffield is unearthed in modern day, it causes the other pieces to reanimate. this alerts the doctor, who is currently celebrating New Year throughout the galaxy with her companions. when she arrives at the scene, she discovers that the squid-like creature that was revealed to be the specimen has apparently escaped into the city through the sewers. and the main thrust of the episode involves the doctor trying to track down the creature, which is revealed to be a Dalek. the Dalek has attached itself to one of the investigation officers named Lin at the scene, and is now controlling her and her motor functions, using her body to complete its plan to take over the world. the Daleks are, of course, the Nemesis of the doctor, and have played the character for eternity. normally they appear encased in their famous metal shell, but this one is without it and infinitely more dangerous due to its ability to attach to humans. along the way, Orion's father returns, and our heroes discovered that the Dalek was actually the first Dalek to ever reach the planet. as a recon scout, the Dalek reassembles its armor after regaining its gun, and makes a DIY suit, with the Dalek being out in the open so long, it has weakened, and Lin is able to detach from it. the celebrations are short-lived, however, and the dollar gets back into its suit. in one of the best scenes in the special, the doctor explains that humans will always band together to fight against the Daleks and reveals herself as the doctor, which sends the monster into a rage. the Dalek reveals that it wants to summon an invasion army and escapes, battling the British Army before flying to GCHQ to send a signal. the doll accepts all the power from Wi-Fi, 4G, you name it, basically Millennials of the world despair. but the doctor confronts the Dalek head-on, and using Ryan's father's microwave, they destroyed the creatures Armour. this causes it to take Ryan's father hostage and puts the doctor in a situation where she has to take it to the Dalek fleet. instead, she takes it to a son going supernova that strips it from Ryan's father's back. with a little help from Ryan. the episode closes with Ryan's father leaving the group and the doctor announcing that they are going to go everywhere. whilst this is a happy ending, it still teases the fact that the Dalek fleet is still out there in the galaxy. even though the signal was stopped, the other two elements of the Dalek were not destroyed, and these parts could easily continue the journey that the main part did. obviously, this could be a huge part of the rest of the season, and I can't wait to see how this plays out, especially with the doctor being now so dead-set that she wants to destroy them. so what were your thoughts on the Doctor Who special? and are you enjoying jolly whicker's betrayal as the iconic character? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this holidays other big TV event, black mihrab and snatch, which will be linked at the end. shout out to the cameo. this is a channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 