welcome back to recapped. today, i am going to show you a comedy romance film from 2017 titled the layover. spoilers ahead, watch out and take care. kate and meg are childhood friends and roommates in seattle going through stressful times. kate is a high school english teacher and is bored of her regular curriculum and under pressure to quit by principal moss, who believes she should be in a different profession. maggie is a cosmetic saleswoman, trying and failing to sell beauty products illegally imported from north korea. after a night of drinking away their stress, the adventurous meg suggests they go on vacation to get their groove back. the reserved kate is reluctant, but ultimately acquiesces, as meg had already booked non-refundable tickets to fort lauderdale using kate's frequent flyer miles. barely making it to their flight on time, kate is put in a window seat and meg gets an all seat. the middle seat is eventually occupied by ryan, a handsome firefighter on his way to a wedding. both kate and meg are immediately attracted to him and begin to shamelessly flirt with him. but kate eventually passes out having taken too many anti-anxiety pills. a few hours into the flight, the plane is diverted to st. louis due to a hurricane warning in the florida area. the girls are taken to the local sheridan hotel and bump into ryan, who invites them to go for drinks at the hotel club. while at the club, ryan learns the hurricane will delay his trip even further, upsetting him. the girls attempt to cheer him up with a dance competition. before going to bed, kate tells meg that she will fight her for ryan's affections. the next day, meg makes plans with ryan to go on a hot air balloon. but she knows kate has a fear of heights and tells her she should stay back. kate reluctantly agrees to go, ignoring the fact that she has a fear of heights, during their ride in a hot air balloon, kate has a panic attack due to fear of heights. ryan calms her down by singing a song and holding her hand. meg gets upset and decides to buy some champagne. she opens it with the cork hitting the eye of the one-eyed pilot. everyone panics as the hot air balloon hurtles towards the ground, landing in a park where a little kid's birthday party is going on. later, ryan invites them to come to the swimming pool with him. they agree and go to put on the most revealing bathing suits they have. while in the pool with ryan, meg tries to impress ryan by doing a flip into the water. kate tries to one-up her and does a flip, getting the attention from all the guys at the pool. meg then grabs a chair and does a flip off of it, injuring her eye. when it is learned the hurricane will move away from florida, ryan is able to get a ride from craig, a jewelry salesman who had taken a liking to meg, but had been continually rebuffed by her. and the girls asked to tag along. while in the car, kate shows embarrassing childhood photos of meg to ryan because she is jealous of all the attention that she is getting. in response, meg locks cade in a messy gas station bathroom, forcing kate to escape through a high window covered in feces. back in the car, kate fakes an injury to get a massage from ryan, prompting meg to put sleeping pills into a bottle of wine to gift a cake. when kate declines to drink, craig, who is driving, takes it instead, much to meg's horror. after a few hours, craig eventually passes out and crashes the car, forcing the four to spend the night at a motel. when kate sees the pills in the bottle, she asks for a hotel room for herself. meg says that she can have ryan. but kate proclaims she never wanted ryan, just that she didn't want meg to have him. meg decides to go to a local bar, where craig joins her. when craig fails to impress meg, he suggests to her that she should be open to the qualities of other guys. back at the hotel, ryan makes a pass at kate, who gives in and has rigorous sex with him. in the morning, at breakfast, meg tells kate they should stop ruining their friendship over a guy. but when meg lets slip that ryan has a mis-shaped penis, something kate had seen from having sex with him. kate realizes meg had sex with ryan. kate then reaches her breaking point with her, with the two getting into a physical fight over their issues with each other, meg's selfishness and kate's unwillingness to take chances making a mess of the motel lobby in the process. their fight ends when the motel manager calls the police on them. craig reveals to the police that ryan had taken his car to reach the wedding on time. appalled, the girls begged to be let go to stop the wedding and offer to pay for the damages to the lobby. when they reached the hotel in fort lauderdale where the wedding is taking place, they find they were too late to stop it. the girls confront ryan, who calls them out on throwing themselves at him. the girls still claim it was wrong for him to sleep with both of them the night before his wedding and not telling them he was the one getting married. ryan admits he had been with his now wife, genevieve, since freshman year of college, and hasn't been able to get with anyone else. when the girls meet genevieve, they see that she is controlling and demanding of ryan, and decide not to tell her about his actions, feeling ryan will suffer enough in his marriage. with a few hours before their flight back to seattle, meg tracks down craig at his jewelry shop to apologize for brushing him off, kissing him before she leaves at the airport. meg tells kate that they shouldn't live together anymore, to which kate tearfully agrees, as they have been too dependent on each other. kate returns to her teaching job with renewed vigor and requests principal moss that her students be allowed to indulge their creativity more, instead of just following the standard curriculum. moss then offers her the assistant volleyball coach position. meg starts taking college classes and is in a long distance relationship with craig. in the final scene, it is shown that meg moved into an apartment only a few doors down from kate, so the two can still be close. make sure to subscribe and turn on post notifications for more videos like this. thanks for watching. 