welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka, the guy that couldn't think of a witty intro, so we're just skipping over it and getting right into our breakdown of invincible. the first three episodes have just dropped on amazon prime video, and throughout this we're gonna be breaking down all this story easter eggs and the way the book handles things differently. robert kirkman recently stopped into kevin smith's podcast, fat man beyond, to promote the show, and he said that, because he wrote the original when he was about 23, he'd come up with a lot of new ways to handle a storyline. and those changes are clear right from the off. i recently been a bit of an omni man myself and gone through the omnibus, thank you. and i was surprised to see how differently things were handled. what you mean, that was a crap joke? anyway, one of my biggest criticisms about the work is that things come very easy for invincible. early on, though, this sets up the big plot developments that i won't spoil here. the first three episodes definitely put way more roadblocks in mark grayson's way. and it also introduces several characters far earlier than they appear in the source material. now we open on two security guards at the white house discussing superhuman of asian training, before the conversation moves to one of their stepsons. this guy talks about going to london with his boy, matt. and the introduction of episodes one and two mirror each other quite a lot, similar to what we see here. we get two people talking about family in front of a famous building that switches from the white house to buckingham palace. we learn that matt has had a rough time, and it's clear that his stepdad cares about him greatly, even though they disagree on certain things. this father and son relationship is very much going to be mirrored in nolan and mark, who two will have to tackle their differences the further we get into the story. unfortunately, this touching intro is broke up by the arrival of the mauler twins, or other clones. though they look like your typical super thugs, the pair have a genius level iq between them, and this has allowed them to master several things such as cloning. now throughout the work, the pair constantly argue over who the original one really is. and every time they pop up, it gets more entertaining. come the end of episode 3, there's actually a big change up where one of the twins uses the other as a shield, which leads to his death. this isn't really reflected in the book, so it's going to be interesting to see whether that one returns or not. now, here to say the day are the guardians of the globe, a justice league parody whose name plays on the guardians of the galaxy in the source material. they don't actually appear until issue 7, and they're introduced in the scene in which we see them being called together by omniman. amongst their members are darkwing, a batman parody, red rush, who is the flash war woman, and martian man, as well as the funniest aquaman parody i've ever seen. i actually love getting to see these in action. as in the comics, they're taking out almost immediately after we meet them. here we see them with their powers fully on show. and the animation is also handled by the same team that do a lot of dc's animated movies. it perfectly sets up that these are the heroes on earth, and also leads into why omniman does what he does. now their backs are against the ropes until he shows up. and it seems like he's earth's perfect protector. one thing i always wondered with the character is whether he was purposely supposed to resemble j jonah jameson or if that was just a complete coincidence. my itch over this has not been scratched, and has been made even worse by the fact that he's now voiced by jk simmons, who, of course, played him in the spider-man movies. if only there was some way i could quickly find out whether that's the truth or not. now, as for omniman, in the first couple of issues of the comics, he informs us that he's from a planet known as filtron, which possesses a highly advanced civilization. the people of the planet are very much gods, and throughout the universe, they've sent their scouts to apparently be the protectors of peace and justice. throughout the work, we learn a lot more about veltrum and their overall plans in the galaxy that i think a lot of people who don't know the surprises are absolutely gonna love. the older veltromites are the slower they age. and on earth, omniman adopted the name nolan and became a best-selling author with his wife, debbie, voiced by sandra oh. they raised their son, mark, who is voiced by stephen yen. the family known as the graysons are, of course, named after batman's sidekick, dick. and mark himself even looks like him in several ways. now we are introduced to mark reading a comic called saying stock, who we learn as a master of the metaphysical arts. when we see it in a poster, it does look like it's wearing a doctor strange costume. so in my opinion, it's definitely tied into that. i'm guessing he's sort of playing on crypto and ghost dog too. and hey, whatever happens here, get us more saiyan's dog. now, mark spent most of his life waiting for his powers to manifest. and he's lived a pretty normal one, aside from having a superpowered father. in school, mark wants to stand up and do the right thing, and at one point, he attempts to get a bully named todd to stop harassing a girl named amber. this goes badly, and he gets the crap kicked out of him. now, i was talking about how easy he has it in the source material, is because when mark first fights todd, he already has his powers. so it's very one-sided. the same thing happens at bergamot, and mark quits his job, no questions asked, which doesn't even annoy his father. i'm glad they took the time out properly to put obstacles in his way. so it's not just an easy ride, as when i was reading it, i did think here that this guy's just got no challenges in his life. now, similar to the book, mark discovers he has powers when taking out the trash at bergamot, and he learns to fly with his dad. initially in the workers powers were thought to be solar-based, similar to superman's. however, he can operate fine without being powered up by the sun, making him far superior. upon returning home, nolan states that he wishes mark hadn't got his abilities at all, as this does complicate things quite a lot. clearly, he now has more of an attachment and knows the perils his son will face. but if you've read the book, then you'll also understand why this talk has a lot of subtext to it. i'll stop glossing over stuff like that, though, and just focus more on the initial episodes that we get. but yeah, definitely read the comics, because you're gonna absolutely love them. now, another interesting change up is that his school life is very much kept separate from the power side of things. as in the original work, there was actually a plot involving a teacher that was kidnapping students and strapping explosives to them. todd tries to beat up mark, and when he fails, the latter realizes that he needs something to punch. donning a homemade costume, he travels out to stop some bank robbers that are in league with a super villain called titan, who's voiced by mahashala ali. titan is basically johnny storm with rock powers instead of fire. and he even encases his body in stone by saying rock on this entire scene is taken directly from the comics, and it's an awesome first fight for the character against someone that will be popping up later down the line. shortly after, his father takes him to a superhero tailor named r rosenborn, who's voiced by mark hamill. he wants to hook him up with an iconic costume, but first he needs a name from mark. now i absolutely love how throughout the show, the first time that invincible is said in an episode, it leads into the title screen, which slowly starts to get bloodier and bloodier. hopefully the gorier the show gets, the more this does too. as it's an awesome way to keep us engaged with the name of the series. at home, mark's mother, debbie, says that it feels like she's been left behind because he's starting to become more like his father. a big thing that mark will likely wrestle with throughout the series is which parent he is most like. and in the book, we do see variations on the character in other timelines who have taken on different paths with his father. the pair play catch around the world. and this moment is pretty much lifted directly from the source material, although it shows that the pair do have similarities with humans, but in terms of scope, they're far above what mortal men are capable of. it's at this point that mark gains the name invincible. and whether this is true or not is something that's constantly put to the test with the character mark has his first flight in his new costume. and this involves him going stratospheric. he actually goes outside of the earth to return to the planet before gliding through the vast skyscrapers of his home. and it's a brilliant scene to watch. this joy is quickly cut short, though, when a supervillain attacks. and mark takes down his first bad guy in his new persona cut to what i'm calling the credit scene. and we see a part that is lifted directly from the source material, as mentioned earlier. this is how the guardians of the globe are introduced in the comics. and we see them being called together before they're brutally murdered by omniman. i absolutely love how red rush talks about how, because he's so fast, even small conversations feel like agony, and it's difficult to keep his attention. this is something that barry allen is also wrestled with. and across the globe, we see immortal taking on a villain who is similar to the vulture from spider-man. in the comics, we learn that this bad guy actually has cancer, much like the vulture did. but immortal doesn't web him up and instead just tosses him into space. aquaris is in his home of atlantis, which also seems to be based on the gungan city in the phantom menace, and it looks like he just sits about waiting for stuff to happen. jump to war woman, and we see her as a ceo of a company, which is something that dc have done with diana prince from time to time in the comics. this scene showed her with a girlfriend, and the pair were attacked by the god of war, who was obviously playing on ares. the team unite at their base, and we realize that they've been summoned by omniman, who shows up and absolutely annihilates them. this over-the-top gory scene is amazing, and he managed to recapture the feel of the comics perfectly, whilst also taking things almost above that with just how brutal nolan becomes. i loved watching red rush punching him as his head was crushed, and let us know instantly that this wasn't your typical superhero cartoon. now, a big difference to the book is that omniman remains with the bodies of the guardians, whereas in the source material, he flees. this makes the government not really have a place to start when investigating the character. but here it's clear straight away that they know something could be off with him. the immortal is beheaded, but as i'm sure you can guess from his name, he can be resurrected. and this is why we see his body being sealed and taken off in episode 2. here we see the other side of matt and his stepdad's trip, as the pair visit london and also discuss tyranny and the queen. matt states that though the old lady looks sweet, she actually comes from a long line of tyrants. and this is, of course, reflected in omniman, who seems like a good guy, but clearly has a darker side to him. the bergamot trash bag, mark toss 2 shows up at this point, and it segues beautifully into the cleanup of the guardians of the globe. now it's at this point that we're introduced to cecile steadman, who shows up way earlier in the story than he did in the comics. stedman, voiced by walton goggins, is the head of the guardians, and he's such a high-ranking member of society that the cia don't even know he exists. he has a teleportation device that apparently costs the taxpayer millions of dollars every time he uses it. and he becomes very much the person that sets the missions for mock. deb is worried that nolan hasn't come home. and this is sort of reordered from the comics, as he actually got trapped in the dimension that he does at the end of the episode, which caused a lot of her anxiety. here, though, it's because he's recovering from the attack on the guardians. but i do appreciate how they change things up with omniman and the guardians looking a little worse for wear. mark goes and takes on the flaxsens, and we learn that when they're in our world, they age rapidly. this makes them call off the invasion, but they do return throughout the episode to try and invade the planet. now, through this action scene, we're introduced to the teen team, a play on teen titans, headed up by rexplode. their members include duplicate robot and adam eve, who becomes a big character in the series. eve is one of the most powerful heroes in the image comics universe. and she has the ability to rearrange mata at a molecular level. however, because she's just a pretty girl that occasionally shoots pink lights out of her hands, that's all she's ever really seen as. even though she doesn't wear a mask, she's not recognized in high school. and the series very much follows her as she gains her independence. dating rexplo, the character is cheated on and put through the ringer, but to me, she's absolutely the best character in this series. now, a love triangle sort of develops between her and mark and amber, which too reflects the journey with his parents. he has someone that he could live a superpowered lifestyle with, or a more grounded person that will bring better focus to his humanity. mark's personal life definitely takes a bigger focus in episode 2. but we also see more action when another invasion happens. in the comics, we discovered that in the flaxsense dimension, the time between invasions was 30 years for them, so they could work out the kinks in their rapid aging. on earth, they now have bracelets which counter the effects. but invincible, in a teen team managed to take them out. nolan comes out of his coma, and above the house, he and mark practice fighting. cecile comes in and informs them that a threat to earth has returned. and over the decades, an attacker known as alan the alien has arrived to take on the planet's best champion. this is to test earth's defenses, and typically, omniman has handled this. however, mark has been given the job this time, and he actually talks it out with him. we discover that alan was assigned to urath and not earth, and he goes back to his people completely embarrassed. he does return later in the comics to fill in one of the bigger mysteries. so keep an eye out for the guy. and also shout out seth rogen for doing the voice. the invaders return once more, but this time they're beaten by omniman, who travels into the dimension with them to destroy them from the inside. debbie is no longer worried about him being missing, and she has accepted that he's gonna be okay. in the flax inside mention, omniman says, you don't understand. earth isn't yours to conquer. and if you know how things go, then you'll understand why this line has such importance. nolan spends three months there, wrecking shop, and the flaxsens open a portal for him to return home. in. back on earth, it becomes public knowledge that the guardians of the globe are dead, and we jump to episode 3 and see a ceremony for the group. i was kind of got that savage dragon from the image comics didn't show up here, as he did in the source material, but i guess they're just trying to keep the universe streamlined. this event develops into their funeral, and we see as nolan gives a touching eulogy on them that describes their lives, which are heavily linked in with their dc comic counterparts. this includes martian man who was ousted by his own people and war woman who came from another time. now, it's at this time that the demon investigator, damien dark blood, starts to narrow in on omniman. the government put a surveillance team on the house. and this wasn't the case in the source material, as omniman didn't remain at the scene of the crime, so he was never a suspect. robot, voiced by zachary quinto is signed up to create the new guardians of the globe, and we'll discuss later on what his overall plan could be. mark reaches out to amber, but he quickly sees firsthand how difficult it will be to balance a relationship and be a hero in the comics. he and amber have a very strained relationship because he has to keep nipping off whenever there's a problem. and this adds a lot of dynamics to the triangle between her him and adam. eve. now, speaking of eve, she catches rexplo cheating with duplicate. i don't know if it's this counts as a foursome, or if it's just to want some because you can copy yourself, or is that a twosome? i don't know. either way, i do feel like this references the scene in watchmen in which silk specter catches dr manhattan duplicating himself whilst the pair get it on. that might be a reach though, or rather, a reach around elsewhere, auditions are held for the guardians of the globe in an arena that seems similar to the danger room from x-men. this recruiting new member storyline is a staple in comics. and my favorite take on it is in jla, by grant morrison, which led to green arrow being recruited to the justice league. several of the applicants here stand out, including a gorilla man, which is riffing on gorilla grodd from the flash, and also a woman known as shrinking ray, who can change his size some of the atom and ant-man. the new team also includes black samson and monster girl, who is a 28 year old that's been cursed with her body clock going backwards, which means she constantly gets younger. she can also transform into a giant green monster similar to the hulk, and she kicks the crap out of her explode. now, she has a lot of similarities with robot, even if she doesn't think so. similar to her, he's judged a lot on his appearance, but we see throughout the comics that he has humanity within him, which we'll no doubt be covering in future episodes. amber shows up to marx, but he's called out to fight someone attacking mount rushmore. ripped directly from the comics, this villain says, bow down before dark seismic, which is a play on bow down before dark side. atom even invincible team up to take him on, and we discover that he has bracelets which shoots seismic waves, similar to shocker from spider-man. upon returning home, omniman congratulates mark for giving up on a girl to continue his duty. and it very much speaks to how he's willing to put his mission above his wants and needs. in respect, once you know his full arc, these conversations work really well. i'd be interested to hear what people think of these moments in the comments below. eve takes down the photos of her and rex and quits the team before traveling to marx to see him kissing amber. at this point, she is very much carving out her own niche and making it on her own. we then travel to a super villain prison similar to the raft or bel reeve, and also see a god who reminded me a lot of steve rogers. in the cells are several characters playing on villains, like the lizard killer, croc multiple man and wendigo. we see that the muller twins are prisoners here, but robot then frees them. one of the twins uses the other as a shield to escape. but i do feel like there will be more cloning going on. as in the comics, they're pretty much always a double act. now we will be discussing why robot probably did this and some of the big reveals from the comics. so if you don't want it ruined, then i recommend that you turn off now. also, thanks for sticking with me this far into the video, and make sure you drop a thumbs up if you've enjoyed the breakdown. anyway, robot freed the characters because, due to their scientific minds, they're the only ones who can bring the immortal back to life. in the comics, they regenerate his body, and he seeks out revenge for omniman killing him. now, why omniman did this is also another thing i think many of you will have questions over. so i thought we discuss it here in the spoiler section of the show, just in case you can't wait. but if you can wait, get the hell out of here. turn the video off. now, basically, beltrum isn't this peaceful planet that we're led to believe. and the people of it are actually conquerors that travel through space, enslaving planets, because earth has defenses, like the guardians of the globe, it's almost impossible for a superpowered being to swoop in and just take things over. thus omniman has been used as a sort of trojan horse. the voltromites typically send a superpowered being to the planet, and they then have their masquerade as a hero. this allows them to carry out guerrilla attacks to weaken the planet's defenses. and this is why omniman destroyed all of the guardians. i'm guessing the same thing will be happening in the show. however, judging off the way that everything's sort of been changed, they could go in a different direction either way. what a great collection of episodes, and obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on them in the comments below. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize show on the 31st of march, in which we're giving away three copies of a marvel 4k boxer of your choice. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episodes. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now, so that's you then message me on twitter. heavyspoilers. you want somebody else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of falcon in the winter soldier, which will be linked on screen. right now, we've gone over the entire episode from top to bottom, so it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. without the way, thank you for sticking through the video. i've been paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 