welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about the divergent series, allegiant. after evelyn forbids any citizen from leaving chicago, she announces that all erudite members involved in the previous coup attempt are to be put on trial and executed if they are found guilty. tris and four rescue caleb from execution and try to escape over the wall along with tori, peter and christina. the group is ambushed by edgar, who kills tory, but the group escapes and passed the wall. however, it is intercepted by soldiers with advanced weaponry who take the group to the bureau of genetic welfare, a city of advanced technology that is hidden behind a cloaking shield. after undergoing decontamination, they learn that years ago, the un. believed that society's problems were caused by damaged genes. in an attempt to create a better society, it began to alter people's genes, which eventually led to the purity wars and the destruction of most of the planet. to try to reverse the destruction, a series of experiments was set up in an attempt to repair the mistake which established isolated cities across the remains of the world. tris and iv are tested by matthew anita to verify and to study their divergence. tris is shown to be truly divergent, and the first chicago divergent to be 100 genetically pure. but phosgenetic structure indicates that his genes still carry damage. caleb and peter are assigned to surveillance teams that remotely monitor chicago, and christine and four are assigned to the military. matthew then brings tris to the leader of the bureau, david, who gives tris a device that allows her to view her foster mother's memories. she sees that her mother had been rescued from the wastelands as a child before she volunteered to join the chicago experiment out of dedication to the project in return for his help in restoring peace to chicago. in which david claims only the council to have the power to intervene. triss agrees to help david continue the experiment. meanwhile, train with nita. they join the military on a rescue mission to a nearby wasteland village, but formus trusts the bureau's intentions after he realizes that they are simply kidnapping children and wiping their memories with amnesia. gas for also attempts to warn triss of the bureau's intentions, but they are interrupted by a video call from david. caleb warns four of a rapidly escalating conflict back in chicago between johanna's group of allegiance and evelyn's factionless four appeals to triss for her to return to chicago with him to end the bloodshed. however, she decides to go with david, who agrees to reinsert four into chicago under the escort of matthew and some bureau soldiers. once in the air, matthew quietly reveals to four that the flight is a trap and he is meant to be killed. a skirmish breaks out, and four defeats all of the soldiers, but the transport crashes as a result. matthew gives four a device to allow passage through the cloaking shield, and four proceeds to chicago. matthew remains behind to be rescued by the bureau and warntress. meanwhile, tris disagrees with the council's objectives and criticizes their refusal to stop the violence in chicago. the council responds that david has full power to intervene whenever he desires, revealing his lies. during the return flight to the bureau, tris ends her partnership. upon her return, she gathers caleb and christina in david's hovercar to return to chicago. nita helps them escape and reveals that david's rule is not popular with everyone in the bureau. four is captured by the factionless and confronts evelyn to end the violence. tris, caleb and christina arrive to find the city tearing itself apart at the opening stage of a full assault by the allegiant. back at the bureau, david makes a deal with peter in exchange for peter's promotion, and inserts him into chicago to convince evelyn to deploy a hidden bureau stockpile of amnesia gas to wipe the memories of the attackers and to force a piece in her favor, to which she agrees. peter takes her to a hidden vault. after rescuing four, tris and christina fight through the factionless and arrive at the vault. at the vault door, four convinces evelyn to stop the gas attack, as he would not remember her if she carries it out. she capitulates and stops the release, but is shot in the leg by a frustrated peter, who gloats until the same gas starts flooding the vault as well. realizing david has betrayed him, peter opens the vault so that tris and four can stop the gas release. peter flees back towards the cloaking shield as four vows to find and kill peter. caleb arrives and aids tris in destroying the gas dispersion hub, which stops the release. the group gathers atop the erudite building as it watches david's shuttle, which autopilots back towards the bureau and is heavily laid in with explosives. tris transmits a message to the whole world that reveals to them the existence of the bureau and that chicago was an experiment in genetic purity. her message to the bureau is that chicago is no longer their experiment, but now the home of its citizens. caleb detonates the explosives at the end of the message, which tear a massive hole through the cloak wall and reveal the bureau. as the group watches, david's image is revealed to stand behind tris via bureau remote viewing device. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 