Welcome to Thriller Recapped, Today, I will show you an American Psychological Thriller, Horror Mystery film called \xe2\x80\x9cRegression\xe2\x80\x9d, Spoilers Ahead, watch out and take care. The movie starts In the year 1990, in Hoyer, Minnesota, we see, John Gray, praying inside his car, while outside a Police station. A man calls out John and signals him to come to his office. John sits down anxiously, as the deputy informs him, that his daughter lives in a church with a man named Reverend Murray. He then shows him a paper, saying his daughter has already signed it. Another man named, Detective Bruce Kenner, enters the room, and speaks his name as he records their voice. He places the recording machine near John and tells him to say his name and occupation. The Detective interviews John regarding his daughter. John claims he has been praying, but he still thinks it is impossible, since he cannot remember anything. But he is sure of one thing, his daughter, Angela, never lies. John then tells Detective Bruce that Angela has been avoiding him, making him worried. Detective Bruce interrupts and approaches John and tells him to take the hat off. We see John is going bald because of the stress. The Detective walks out of the room saying, John confessed, but he does not remember, which makes the case confusing. Detective Bruce, claims that John needs a psychologist, and he needs to meet Angela. The next day, Detective Bruce drives to a house, with many police officers, and he meets a crying woman holding her cat. The woman is named, Mrs. Gray, Angela's grandmother. Detective Bruce asks her if she knows anything about the case. She claims that Reverend already told her, and that her son, John, started raging up, when she asked him about it, She denies all the claims of police, then Reverend suggests that Angela should rather stay at the church. Detective Bruce asks permission to let him take a look at Angela's room. He enters Angela's immaculate room, unlike the other room. He walks and looks at their family photo. He hears some noise, and he looks outside the window and learns that the door of a workshop was making the noise, opening and closing by itself. An officer named, George Nesbitt, interrupts him. The officer suggests that they shouldn\xe2\x80\x99t enter the room without a warrant, but The detective claims that the lady already allowed them in, He then asks for the son's whereabouts. George claims he left two years ago and does not know where he is now. George insists, that they should not mention her grandson, since it is not a good time to discuss it. Bruce ignores him and proceeds to ask her, if the grandson is running away from his father, she claims his son held her hands last night and prayed, and she then looks at her necklace, with a cross in it. Later that night, the rise of people praying to Satan is mentioned. The police officer George, who claims to be close with the Gray family, insists that John cannot force himself on his own 17 year old daughter, Angela. Detective Bruce says that he heard, Angela is a shy girl. George claims he has seen her growing up. He has seen the way they live. He also concludes that she lost her mom, and maybe she wants to run away from reality. Bruce questions George's theory on a seventeen-year-old girl sending her dad to prison just because she wants to change her life. Detective Bruce then sarcastically agrees. At the police station, the Chief of police, Mr. Cleveland, asks for a report on John Gray. A professor named, Kenneth Raines, who is also a psychiatrist, claims John's mental state is normal. They cannot find any reason for his sudden amnesia, The professor claims that John denied having a lawyer, which means he is not trying to protect himself. Bruce mentions that John already made a confession, but he cannot remember what he did, resulting in the people not believing him, they speculate he has now repressed his memories, hiding them at the back of his head, and it is not easy to find a key to unlock it and provoke a Regression, He says a famous saying, that a mind is a whole universe. Then he suggests to use Regressive Hypnosis. Later, Detective Bruce quotes Angela's confession, stating how John forced himself on her, step by step, John feels uneasy hearing it. Professor Raines, who is also in the room, tells Bruce to reread it and urges John to concentrate. John begs to God, to ease his pain. John is being hypnotized, and he sees a vision in his mind. He then describes it to the Professor and Detective. Professor is confused on why John would use the word, he, John says he sees another man tying to force himself on his daughter, to the bed, but he assumes it is him. Professor Raines claims he must have let someone in, someone he knows. As John focuses on the face of the man, he finds himself taking pictures of the man. while he is doing it, he sees George. Detective Bruce is shocked to hear this, and he runs from there in sports mode, to find George Nesbitt, he catches up with him in the parking lot and informs him about it, that they have the pictures of him doing it, and George is scared, and Bruce arrests him. Later, the lawyer of George, she is being aggressive about them accusing her client, and she leaves. Detective Bruce and Professor Raines leaves the police station to meet with Angela, to identify George as a suspect. Bruce claims he already suspected George since the beginning, because of his strange behavior. As they arrive to the church, they meet, Hermione Granger, I mean, Angela, a gorgeous young woman. They inform Angela about the man in her room and the rituals that her father mentioned. Detective Bruce lays out photos for Angela to see. Bruce calmly suggests, if Angela can write it down. Angela is hesitant at first, but she requests she would do it alone. Then they leave the room to talk with Reverend. He claims he saw her one day at the church during one of their gatherings, and she started crying suddenly. He claims that God has spoken to him during that time. Later, Bruce reads the paper written by Angela, and it mentions all the horrors she went through, He also sees a drawing of an upside-down cross. He feels disappointed. He questions Angela on who else was with her father. Angela feels uneasy, but then points out George Nesbitt's photo. Bruce slowly grabs her hand to comfort her, but she rejects it, and she leaves the room with tears in her eyes. Reverend gives a paper written by Angela to John, to make him remember about the satanic ritual he did, and he leaves. Later that night, The chief of police watches the news at a bar about satanic rituals, and he calls Bruce, and he asks him to turn on his TV and see the news about satanic ritual. Few hours later, John is sleeping, and he wakes up horrified, scared from something he saw. The next day, the police officers held a meeting about the case and satanic rituals. A police officer claims he already red the book, and describes it, as like a pile of trash. Bruce claims this case is complicated, and they should be serious about it. After the meeting, Bruce and Cleveland are talking, and Bruce speculates that he feels this case is a part of something bigger. An officer interrupts them, claiming they have located the whereabouts of John\xe2\x80\x99s Son, who ran away. Professor Raines and Detective Bruce flies to Pittsburgh, in order to find Roy Gray. They find Roy living in an abandoned building with a cat. They inform Roy about his father and the happenings. Roy claims John practices Satanic rituals, and made his wife kill herself, from his drinking problem. Bruce claims the report he saw, that her mother was killed in a car accident. Roy then is confused, after claiming that these things did not happen. Professor suggests they might find the answer through reviewing his memories with hypnotism. As they start, Roy describes, he is in his room. A bunch of people wearing black hoods surrounds Roy in the bed. He says their faces are like witches. Professor urges him to describe what they are doing, but Roy stops as he is too scared, and he breaks down. In the plane, Professor Raines claims that there is something different with his memories, that he was a child in his vision, and he saw six people doing the ritual, and there are 6 family members in their house. Bruce suspects the grandmother, Rose Gray. Later, Police officers are investigating inside her house, and she is not happy about it. Bruce informs her that they have talked with Roy, and she is hiding where the photos are. She then slaps him in the face, claiming he is lying. She then runs back into the house, mourning about it. Later, Bruce is watching George answering the questions with a lie detector test. The chief shows him the FBI report on Satanists and the rituals, and they believe it is something bigger. He then gets a call, and he arrives in the hospital. The doctor claims he wants to inspect Angela's mark. Bruce then enters the room with Angela alone. He then comforts her with his words. Angela decides to let him see the mark, she lifts the shirt, and the mark is placed on left of her stomach. She claims the cult will have to kill them both, since she has now exposed the mark to him. Later, Bruce plays the recordings of Angela as she describes what happened during the ritual in the house, and it was her grandmother dressed as satanists. Bruce follows Angela's description, and imagines the vision in detail. The workshop door, Bruce notices earlier, is mentioned, he enters her dad's workshop, they used to force themselves on people and torture people in a cell. A woman gives everyone a juice to drink, while saying, this is not happening. and it\xe2\x80\x99s all a dream. They brought out a baby, and they started stabbing it, and they burned the remains of the baby and buried them on John's property. Bruce is absorbed in the vision, and he feels that they are staring at him. He then quickly runs outside, and catches his breath. In the next meeting, a lot of police officers are involved to the case. Bruce notices Angela in the police station, she claims someone is following her. Bruce tells her that the city is shocked about the news, so it must be ordinary people who are staring at her. Angela claims further that there is someone who was following her, right before her mother died. Bruce suggests he should get her statement, and walks out to get his recorder. Later that night, Bruce drops off Angela to the church. Angela gives him a bible, and claims it would protect him. She then says goodnight, and Bruce thanks her for the bible. Bruce drives to the road slowly, where Angela claims someone is watching her, as he plays the recording of Angela. Her mother told her it is one of their tactics to stare at people as a death threat. Sometimes they would call in the middle of the night and hang up, which served as a warning, an invitation to be one of them. Bruce is now reading the book that he saw on the television, then suddenly the electricity cuts off, and he goes to his bed to sleep. He then sees a light outside his room, soon, a man in a black hoodie grabs him and covers his mouth, as another man injects something on his arm, he tries to grab the telephone, but the man ties his hands to the bed. A lady in a red hood is brought. They take off her hood, and she then forces herself on him. The people in the black hood start taking pictures, as the lady turns into Rose Gray, the grandmother, with white eyes and no pupils. Bruce jumps out to realize it was just a nightmare, until the light goes on, and he sees his telephone hanging below his table. Professor and Bruce visits John in the prison, where he hanged up the drawings of Devil on his walls. Bruce claims John is the Devil and urges him to confess about killing his wife. The two men then proceed to visit Angela in the church with Rose. Angela sheds a tear, as she claims Rose does not remember anything during the ritual. Rose gets mad and grabs her hand, but Bruce stops her. Professor shows her the drawing that John drew of them stabbing a baby. Rose claims she knows she will never kill a baby, and she rages up. Reverend suggests he should take her home. Angela continues to cry. Bruce approaches her and holds her hand. This time she did not reject, instead, she hold him with her other hand. On the ride to drop off Rose, she is looking at John's drawing. Reverend Claims they are up against a devil. Rose then sees a picture with red eyes. Later that night, Bruce receives a call on the telephone, he assumes it was the Chief, but no one answers. He then grabs his gun, and locks the door of his room. Rose notices her cat meowing from a distance. She follows the voice and discovers that the cat is inside the workshop. She points the flashlight above her cat, and she is scared to see another cat with red eyes, just like what she saw on the drawings of John. She gets back to house and locks the door. She hears voices on the TV, even when it is already off. She then sees blood coming out below the doors, cries of a baby is heard, She then jumps out from the window. In the morning, Bruce meets Angela, they are waiting for Rose to confess and that she is now staying at the hospital. Both of them then sit in front of her mom\xe2\x80\x99s grave, Emil Gray. Angela lays her head on Bruce's shoulder. Then they both start kissing each other, they realize what they are doing. Bruce looks behind and discovers Reverend has seen them. Bruce apologizes and he leaves. Later, Roy visits his grandmother in the hospital. He then orders Bruce not to talk to her anymore. She is now delirious. He claims Professor Raines is a fraud as a Psychiatrist, and he also insults Reverend as a Preacher. He then orders everyone to leave. Outside the hospital, Reverend offers them a necklace with a big cross. Bruce accepts the necklace, and then Reverend leaves. Professor claims that Bruce is scared because he is not using his head anymore. Before leaving, a man in a hoodie stares at Bruce, making him feel unease. At home, he gets another phone call, but no one answers. It is revealed that it was Angela, who was calling him from a payphone. Bruce gets another nightmare. One men in the black hoodie appears to be George. Then he is surrounded by the group, and he hears a baby crying, he screams, no, as he tries to run away, but discovers himself covered with blood, already killing the baby. The woman offers him a bowl of blood and tells him this is only a dream. Bruce wakes up as he points the gun in front of him. Later, during a redlight, he notices a lot of people are now staring at him. At the police station, he discovers that George is now free. He panics and grabs his gun, and points it at him. The Chief and Professor tries to calm him down in an office. They inform him that George already cleared the polygraph test twice. Professor explains they have received Angela's medical report, showing the mark was recent and self-inflicted. He also explains to Bruce that a lot of people are staring at him because of how he looks tired. The Chief suggests he should get some rest and forget about the case for a few days. Professor offers him a small pill, and Bruce puts it in his mouth. As soon as he gets out of the office, he takes out the pill, and throws it in the trash. Bruce gets in his car and plays the recordings of John when he first interviewed him. Bruce does not notice that a car is following him. He interviews John once again, and he wants to know more about the family. John claims it is about his son, Roy. That his son is not straight, and he likes men, which is why he kicked him out of their house. In their church, they are called sodomites, sins that people always learn from some unregulated stuff. Bruce then realizes John is just taking the blame for forcing himself on his daughter, to hide the sins of his son from the church. John then starts breaking down, and he cries. In a Bar, Bruce rips off his notes, as he realizes they are all worthless. He then looks outside the window, he goes out, and he sees a billboard of the woman, who was handing out blood to drink. He then visits Professor in his house. He explains the woman in an advertisement, was in his head. He theorises that It is not memories, but fantasies induced by the police and the people. Professor asks if it is true about George Nesbitt. Bruce still believes George Nesbitt is guilty, they argue, and he leaves. When he arrives back to his home, two-masked man then attacks him. He gets the upper hand, and he points his gun to the men, and tells them to unmask themselves. He finds out that the two are, Nesbitt and another police officer. Bruce claims he would not report this, but instead, he wants to know what Nesbitt knows. Nesbitt claims he already told him everything, that day in the car. Bruce then arrives to the church, and he demands to Reverend, that he needs to meet Angela, because he has already solved the case. Angela comes out of the room in her nightgown, shedding tears of joy to hear the news. Bruce asks her questions like, if the Satanists forced her to eat the baby, to Angela to clarify the case. Angela seems to agree to everything he says, but Bruce has nothing in the notes. He shows them the note. Reverend is shocked, Bruce claims he made it all up. Angela asks him why he is lying. Bruce explains Angela does not love her family. She hates them all, and thinks they are a bunch of drunk losers. George revealed this to Bruce, that he and Angela were sleeping together. George rejected her because he does not want to run away with a minor. Angela then decided to change her life. Reverend still claims Angela is innocent, and says the Lord has already spoken to him, Bruce then kicks him out. Bruce claims Angela wanted to get rid of her family and went too far, and now she cannot stop. Angela threatens him, that no one will believe him, especially when she tells everyone, what he did in the cemetery in front of her mother's grave. Bruce then leaves the church and tells Reverend he was right all along. Evil does exist. In the news, a TV reporter states that the police has no leads with the satanic ritual. Reverend and Angela are shown on TV, claiming they saw Satanists killing a baby. Roy and Rose are in a hospital, they see the news, and they ignore it with dissapointment. Bruce visits John in the prison, who is confused about what he saw and what he did not. Bruce explains they saw what the police made them believe. It was all made up. John claims he was drunk entire time, and that ruined their family, it is his fault for making Angela into what she is now. Bruce claims it was his fault to be stupid, Bruce wants to help John, so he stops punishing himself. John demands that he wants to plead guilty and take the blame, and he is doing this for Angela, so that one day, she will realize it, and she will stop hating him. And the movie ends, Please don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to like &amp; Subscribe. it really helps the channel grow. 