welcome to the man of recaps. this is Jessica Jones, season 2. Jessica Jones is back the hard drinking, super-strong private investigator. her neighbor, Malcolm's her assistant. now he wants to be a pi2, but first there's a bi turf war with price Chang. he's kind of a huge tool. so Jessica finds the missing dog for one of his star clients and yoinks him. he doesn't like that, calls her some mean things, but Jessica's in no mood. now, Jessica's got this real nerdy client who calls himself the wizard because allegedly he's got SuperSpeed. if he thinks there's someone trying to kill him because of his superpowers. but turns out he really is fast, and one day the scaffolding falls on him. what? maybe there is someone trying to kill him. Jessica's best friend, an adopted sister, Trish Walker. she's using her powers as being a child star. it's Patsy to research how Jessica got her powers. back in the car accident that killed her family. turns out Jessica and Whizzer both had their medical bills paid by IgH Jessica tracks them down, but it's been long abandoned. this is definitely where they're doing illegal experiments to give people powers, though. and now that she's here, jessica has a memory of a meatball face monster. Oh. Trish runs into a monster from her past, her ex-cop, ex-boyfriend, will Simpson. last season, he was popping the super pills that paid him all voided out-crazy, turned him into a villain. now he's upgraded to a super inhaler. but he's like, look, I'm not a bad guy anymore. I'm here to protect you cuz there's someone going after you for researching IgH. sure enough, the lights go dark, and, oh, there's a super jumper in the room, and it kills Simpson. No. so Jessica does some more drinking and some more investigating, tracks down a nurse that used to work at IgH. but she's not the nurse. she is the super-powered enforcer. uh-oh. beats up Jessica and gets out of there. long story short, the girls pull some more medical records and think they found this woman's identity. she's homeless, living in a warehouse. Trish feels pretty vulnerable with no powers, so she decides to try Simpson super inhaler. and, woohoo, baby, that's some good stuff. they run up in taser. but it's not the right woman. it's a much younger girl. she actually used to be a nurse at IgH and she was attacked by that woman then. that's why she's hiding out homeless. meanwhile, price Chang continues the pif war. he sends a friend to steal a bunch of Jessica's documents, not knowing there's a super-powered enforcer out there trying to shut down all the info on RGH. Oh, was she killed this guy? it kind of looks like Jessica did it. but she cooperates with the cops fully, and that evidence comes in, she's free to go. now, high-powered attorney Jerry Hogarth is not doing so well. she went to her doctor and she got that bad disease. her partners try to push her out of the firm, but Jerry's not going down without a fight, so she wants just gotta find some dirt on them. Trish isn't doing so hot either. that inhaler packs a pretty powerful hangover. her mom's there to get her cleaned up, though, because the network news execs want to meet with her today. that's Trish's dream, to be a real reporter. but when she gets there, it's just her hot boyfriend. yeah, she's been dating this guy who is a real reporter. he's been sneaking around. we thought maybe he was a villain, but no, he was just planning a secret engagement party. also sweet. unfortunately, Trish just isn't feeling it. she wants to make her own career, not just be his wife. so she turned him down. so sad. Malcolm is trying to get information out of this nurse, Ynez. at first she just steals the TV, but then she tells him about the janitor who's in jail for murdering the other nurse. he's in a psych ward where only doctors are allowed in. luckily, Jessica just met someone who makes great fake IDs. it's the hot new building superintendent Oscar. there was a whole thing where he was gonna evict her, but then she found out he's on parole making fake IDs. and then his son almost fell out the window and Jessica saved him. so then they became best friends and started doing it. in any case, dr. Jones is in the house. she visits the janitor, who is developmentally challenged. he clearly didn't kill the nurse, but is covering for someone. turns out he likes octopuses. used to go watch them at the aquarium with a doctor from IgH Jessica stakes out the aquarium, and one day, boom, dr. Karl shows up and he's with the killer. and he's with with the killer. they're making out okay. they spot Jessica, though, so she breaks the glass and floods the whole aquarium. they managed to get away. luckily, Malcolm recognizes his class ring from the college she used to go to but dropped out of. they pull an old yearbook, find his full name. and Jessica goes to his house, which is a normal house, except for a picture of Jessica and her brother on a family trip. that's right, the super-powered killer is Jessica's mom. turns out she survived the car accident where Jessica's family died, but she was totally burned. and when she woke up, went on a super-powered rampage. eventually they reconstructed a face from scratch. that's why Jessica didn't recognize her. and dr. Karl is a cool hippie dr. he really is just trying to cure people. the superpowers were a side-effect. so they spent years together continuing to heal her. and it was mostly pleasant, but she's prone to uncontrollable fits of rage, including the time she attacked and broke out to go visit Jessica. now, at this time, Trish was having a career resurgence as an adult pop star. this was also when she got into heart drugs, and she and Jessica had a huge falling-out. but Jessica met a hot bartender and they fell madly in love. this is when she found her trademark leather jacket she always wears, and also the name of her PI firm alias. that was the club he wanted to start. one of his thuggish investors wants his money back now, so jessica has to step in and beat him up. then they come to see him. like, hey man, you got a super girlfriend. I like convince her to work for us. and he's like, yeah, I can do it. unfortunately, Jessica's mom was there to hear this. and he tries to explain he was just saying that to get them off her backs. but she doesn't believe him. long story short, kills him. and Jessica was absolutely heartbroken. and we honestly don't know if he was lying or telling the truth. so Jessica's mom goes back to the lab like, sorry, I killed those nurses. obviously, everyone runs away, except dr. Karl. and they've been living in this house together, continuing to work on stuff. and somewhere along the line they fell in love and got married. they have kind of a normal life, except for the fits of uncontrollable Hulk rage. and all the murders to cover up IgH are just her mom going out to protect them. it's no big conspiracy. Jessica manages to call the cops, but her mom holds her down and it's like, dr. Karl, get out of here. save yourself. so mom and daughter are waiting for the cops, but once they get to reminiscing, jessica has second thoughts. she takes her mom back to her apartment. she's like, look, I don't know. stay here for now. but before they can make a plan, oh, they're shot at by price Jiang. he was scoping out Jessica because he assumed she was working with the killer, and boom, there she is in her apartment. he decides to take her out himself, but who he misses. so super mom's gonna kill him, but Jessica gets there first to knock him out. they leave him tied up in the bathtub for a while while they go on side adventures. because Oscars crazy ex-wife has kidnapped his son. so mom and daughter gotta go stop the bus and get him back. but eventually Jessica realizes her mom's too dangerous. she has to turn her in to the cops. she finally fills in her friends, Malcom and Trish. now, what have they been up to? Malcolm's been working Jeri Hogarth's case, finding turn on her partners. turns out the one guy has been spending a lot of money on chocolate bars. Malcolm doesn't out him though. instead, he lies and says he was hired by the other partner, so he dishes out some dirt on her. they brought Ynez to stay with Jeri for protection, but she's like, hey, you worked for a company that did experimental procedures that heal people. tell me about it. she does wanna help. she just wants to steal all the jewelry in bail. but when she sees that Gerry's dying, she feels bad. and it's like, hey, I don't know about IgH, but one of the patients that got superpowers, got healing powers. he's in jail right now. but that's no problem for master attorney Jerry Hogarth. she gets him to do the healing hands massage, and, oh my god, it feels like it worked. unfortunately, it was all a total lie. they'd cleared out her apartment and conned her big-time. so she tracks Ynez down, but it's like, hey, I forgive you, actually. I feel sorry for you. your boyfriend's conning you too. I've got the evidence that he's working all sorts of girlfriends. he gives her a gun just for protection, and he goes up there. they have a huge fight, and boom, yeah. she shoots him. turns out, though it was a total lie. she conned them as kool Jerry. that's cold. now, Trish is not doing very well. remember, she used to be a drug addict, and no matter what she tells herself, this inhaler is addictive. she likes running around town pretending she's a superhero. when really. she's just a drugged-out weirdo. and not only does it make her real strong, it makes her real Hardy. she grabs Malcolm one night and he's like, whoa, what? but she's ready to go, so he's like, let's roll with it he inhaler affects her career, though. she's so bored at Trish Hawk, she has a network moment. I'm mad as hell and I quit on air, just like in network, which is a fantastic older movie, by the way. the TV stations want her to come on and do a mad show for them. so she's like, thanks inhaler, you made all my dreams come true. but unfortunately it runs out. should have seen that coming. so when she goes for her TV audition, she's all hungover and scattered and totally blows it. back to the main plot. Jessica's mom is in jail, and they're gonna send her to Supermax unless she gives up dr. Karl. but she's in love with him, so she refuses. jessica has a plan though. she'll secretly go to dr. Karl first and get him out of the country. that way your mom can give him up and he can still be free. but meanwhile, this prison guard is a huge dick, trying to make her eat meat when she's a vegetarian. eventually he gets the shock bracelet starts torturing her. when Jessica finds out, she goes to his house to snoop around, and turns out there's been a lot of prisoner suicides that it seems like he caused. unfortunately, he shows up and Mase's her and starts beating her. so she defends herself, and oh god, I hit him too hard. he's definitely dead. Jessica reacts quickly. he makes it look like a suicide confession. but now Jessica feels like a killer, and everything turns purple. yeah, that's kill graves. or what's up? kilgrave's back, at least as a hallucination in her mind, and he spends the episode badgering with her and, you know, being her inner demon. but anyway, turns out dr. Karl has disappeared. see Trish and Malcolm realized what Jesco was up to and decided the right thing to do was to bring dr. Karl to jail. but when they get there, Trish knocks out Malcolm, stuffs him in the trunk. she pseudo kidnaps dr. Karl, and it's like, hey, I want you to give me superpowers. Jessica needs to track them down, so she pulls up Malcolm's dating app. she calls a bunch of his matches, like, hey, how far away does it say he is right now? and manages to find him that way. that's pretty funny. Malcolm manages to get himself out of the trunk, but Trish has gone off the deep end. she is a junkie desperately in need of a fix right now. jessica gets there just in time to do a superhero car stop and jump, but she totally whiffs it, and that's why she's not on the Avengers. so they get back to the lab, but dr. Karl's procedure is not fda-approved. it starts going horribly wrong, so jessica has to bust in and put a stop to it. dr. Karl starts to feel bad, realizing his life's work has caused more harm than good, so he's gonna take himself out, and, boom, blows himself up, along with the whole Lab. so Trish is probably gonna be okay. but jessica's pissed at Malcolm for going behind her back, and they are fully done now, no longer friends. over in prison. Jessica's mom sees the news that her lover is dead, so she busts out in a whole greige and blames Trish. goes to the hospital, gonna kill her, but just commands just to talk her down at the last second. just then the cops bust in. so her mom just grabs one and bails out the window. we uses her to break her fall. oh, she's a cop killer. now, Jessica finds her mom again and is maybe gonna kill her, but she can't do it. so improvised mom knocks her out, kidnaps her daughter. she's got a dream that they can run away together and live mother-daughter in peace. but they come across a huge accident, and her mom uses her super strength to save this family. this reminds Jessica of how she thought she lost her whole family in the crash, and it makes her realize she loves her mom. she won't lose her again. so she's gonna help her mom flee the country. but this would make her an accomplice, and she'd be a fugitive for life too. her mom doesn't want that for her daughter. so they make a detour to Playland and ride the old ferris wheel one last time before they have the cops come take her in. and just as they're having a real tender moment, boom, oh, she sniped. what? and the shooter is Trish. Wow. Trish pulled through, okay? and the cops came, do you know where jessica would go? and she didn't tell them anything, but she figured it out. so now Jessica is pissed. it's like, look, Jess I had to do it. she had to be put down, and you didn't have the balls. Jessica's real mad, but she lets her run for now. and when the cops come, they find her with her mom's body. assume she did it. so she's off the hook. but jessica is traumatized. life goes on though, and eventually things are back to pretty much normal, except jessica is done with Trish for good. killing your mom is hard to get over. Trish, meanwhile, finds herself with some really impressive reflexes. maybe she did get some powers after all. Malcolm's ready for a change. no, no, not the hair, the beautiful hair. actually, though guy looks good in a suit, he goes to see hogarth. turns out he got real good dirt on her partners, so she blackmails them for a huge severance. and though she's still dying, she's starting her own firm. Jessica's pretty lonely without her best friends around. but she's got her new friends downstairs. and she has a nice family dinner with Oscar and her son. and that's how Jessica Jones, season 2 comes to an end. [Music], 