so leading up to Avengers infinity war, I'm recapping in detail what has already transpired in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, phase by phase. this is Mary rivers MCU movie marathon. this recap focuses on Phase two, where Marvel had more leeway to take risk since their previous films were so successful. phase two begins with Iron Man 3, the final chapter and Iron Man's trilogy. this movie follows a few months after the Avengers battle in New York. Tony Stark is suffering from PTSD, and paranoid that events like this will occur again, he throws himself into improving his Iron Man suit technology. after Tony's good friend, happy as hurt in a terrorist attack led by the mysterious Mandarin, Tony boldly and pretty stupidly, gives his home address to the Mandarin, pretty much telling him to run up if he's really about that life. the Mandarin calls his bluff by blowing up his home while stark and Pepper Potts are inside. starkers presumed dead, but he wakes up to find himself in a small town in Tennessee with his suits energy completely depleted. his suit was essentially put on autopilot when start became unconscious inside of it. and now he's stranded. Tony eventually discovers that the Mandarin is a fake, and the man behind everything is actually a scientist named Aldrich Killian. Killian co-developed a serum called extremists, which gives the user power, so to speak, or the serum turns the user into a walking time bomb. Killian captured Tony's girlfriend, Pepper Potts, and forces her to be exposed to extremists, timming up once again with his best friend, Colonel Rhodes, aka war machine. Tony initiates the house party protocol, which summons countless amounts of Iron Man armors to put a stop to Killian. after the battle was won, Tony initiates the clean slate protocol, destroying all of his suits, and he is able to cure pepper of the extremists. Tony also has the shrapnel in his chest removed, meaning he'll no longer have to depend on the arc reactor to keep him alive. the second movie of Marvel's phase 2 comes with door, the dark world, which begins with doors girlfriend, Jane Foster, accidentally exposing herself to an ancient, powerful weapon caught the ether. the ether is actually the reality stone, yet another infinity stone to be revealed in the MCU. Thor brings Jane to Asgard so their scientists can investigate this infection she has. meanwhile, the dark elf Malekith awakens after a millennia of hibernation to claim the ether and bring the universe to reality of complete darkness. to stop him, Thor teams up with his imprisoned brother Loki, and in their encounter to save Jane, Loki sacrifices himself, while Jane is relieved of the ether, now merging himself with Malekith in a portal jumping final battle between the nine realms. door eventually stops Malekith. after the battle is won, and Thor ultimately decides to steal on earth with Jane, it is revealed that Loki is still alive and impersonating his father Odin, as the king of Asgard. next up in Phase two, came Captain America. the Winter Soldier. Steve Rogers are struggling to acclimate himself back into the world, and has also been working as an agent of shield. this epic spy thriller sees Nick Fury reveal what is known as project insight. - Captain America. this is a plan in which three massive helicarriers have the capability to preemptively wipe out potential threats via an advanced sniper cannon, mega magic. cap doesn't see this as a solution, calling fury out on this being a plan based out of fear and not protection. meanwhile, a mysterious assassin codenamed the Winter Soldier makes an attempt on Fury's life. all the while, shield has also been compromised by caps old nemesis hydra, who have slowly integrated themselves into shield. cap really gives to show off what he's made of in this film with some breathtaking action sequences. it is revealed that Nick Fury's boss, Alexander Pierce, is a man behind it all, including the brainwashed assassin, the Winter Soldier, who is none other than caps best friend from World War two, Bucky Barnes. cap and black widow team-up with a newly introduced hero, Sam Wilson, aka the Falcon, to put a stop to Pierce's plans to launch project insight. they disable the three helicarrier's as cap is forced to fight his brainwashed best friend. to end this battle, a seemingly aware Bucky saves cap from drowning, then goes into hiding. fury puts down Pierce, and Black Widow leaks classified shield Intel to expose Hydra. cap and the Falcon go on and try to track down the winter soldiers, whereabouts, on to what is one of the most beloved films in the entire MCU. Marvel introduces the guardians of the galaxy. this game-changing cosmic adventure centers around a group of outlaws who choose to set aside their differences to save the galaxy. Peter quill, aka star-lord, still is a mysterious, valuable order from a distant planet. on his way to sell it, he is attacked by Gamora, a lethal assassin, and the daughter of the Dino's, who tries to steal the orb all the while, bounty hunters, rocket, a genetically altered Raccoon, and Groot, a talking tree, attack cool as well. they all end up being arrested by the Nova Corps, an intergalactic peacekeeping force, and sent to prison. while there, they have the pleasure of meeting Jax, a seemingly simple minded brute who seeks revenge on, gomorrah's former master, Ronan, who killed his family after rocket, comes up with an elaborate but reckless escape plan. the Guardians head to a place called nowhere to sell the orb to someone known as the collector. he reveals that the orb is an infinity stone and briefly explains to them the history behind the emits power that they have in their possession. Ronon arrives with nebula, gomorrah's evil sister. and after everything that could possibly go wrong goes wrong, the Guardians team up with the Nova Corps to stop Ronan, who now has the Infinity stones. while all this madness is happening, groups sacrifices himself to save his fellow Guardians. and don't lie, you know your allergies were triggered. star-lord and Ronan go at it in a dance-off. and I'm not trying to be funny here. they they actually have a dance-off. well, more like star-lord has to dance-off with himself because Ronan's a party pooper. but while distracted, the Guardians get possession of the Infinity stone, and their combined efforts are able to contain the power of the orb and destroy Ronan. after saving the galaxy, the guardians are pardoned and the orbit safely in the custody of the Nova Corps. also, baby Groot is born. next up in Phase two of the MCU is Avengers, age of Ultron. now back on earth with our familiar band of heroes, we see The Avengers attack a hidden Hydra base to recover Loki's scepter. from the first Avengers, an evil doctor had been experimenting on people to give them superpowers. the only successful experiments were the twins, Pietro and Wanda Maxima, also known as Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch. once the Avengers retrieve the scepter, they set back to New York to party. Tony Stark and Bruce Banner had the brilliant idea of using the scepter to complete an artificial intelligence peacekeeping program that they've been working on, codenamed Voltron. The Avengers after-party is crashed by a misguided Ultron, who actually sees the Avengers as the problem with the world. Ultron escapes, and during the later altercation, Scarlet Witch messes with the minds of the Avengers, leading to an epic fight between the Hulk and Iron Man's Hulkbuster armor. the aftermath leads the Avengers discombobulated and forced to retreat to Hawkeye safehouse. Ultron makes off with some vibranium from a black market arms dealer, Ulysses Klaw. Ultron plans on using this vibranium to transfer himself into the perfect, indestructible body. while the Avengers are at Hawkeye safehouse, thor leaves to look into this vision he had about the Infinity stones while Scarlet Witch messed with his mind. The Avengers set off. once they get Ultron's location and managed to capture the body that Ultron plan to use as his new perfect self. stark uploads his personal artificial intelligence, Jarvis, into this body. it is also revealed that Loki's scepter was encasing an infinity stone, which, the door comes back to spark to life. now the vision is born. the vision chooses to a theaters in their fight against Ultron, along with the super power to maximal twins who learn of Ultron's true evil plans. in the final battle in the sky, with some awesome action sequences, The Avengers stop Ultron's army of robots and sokovia. vision destroys Ultron. Pietro ends up sacrificing himself saving Hawkeye. and the Hulk ends up leaving in a clincher into space after he realizes he's too much of a danger to stay on earth. the Avengers go their separate ways once more, while some new recruits now fill the roster. in this movie's post-credit scene, Dennis, the mad Titan is shown again, but this time he is done waiting and feels it's time to face two didn't in there, though, with Marvel taking another gamble, introducing the character ant-man. this movie shows a former cat burglar, Scott Lang, fresh out of jail, reluctantly returned to his criminal ways in order to pay child support for his daughter. Hank Pym, a brilliant scientist, elaborately sets up laying in order to test lengths leaving abilities for a mission he needed him for. Lange unknowingly breaks into Hank Pym home and manages to steal the vintage looking motorcycle suit. Lange later puts on the suit, only to learn that it has shrinking capabilities, turning him into ant-man. Pym reveals to Lange who he is and what he needs him for to break into his former protege, Darren crosses lab. because cross developed technology to mimic Pym shrinking technology. only he plans to sell the dangerous tech to the highest bidder. him and his daughter, hope Van Dyne, trained Scott on how to use the ant-man suit, and they show him all that he is now capable of doing. Lange ends up succeeding with PIMs plan, and they destroy both crosses facility and his research. this hilarious heist film has the most miniature of final battles, but it's no less as awesome. all right, so what was your favorite movie in phase 2 of the MCU? I want to make sure everyone is primed and ready for Avengers infinity war. so be sure to hit that Bell below to turn on my notifications so you won't miss the last video in this series, recapping phase 3 tomorrow. and if you're already caught up on the MCU and need a refresher on the last-known location of all the Infinity stones, click that video right there. if you enjoyed this video, remember to give it a big thumbs up, share it with your friends, and don't forget to subscribe to see more awesome content like this. until next time, no deliver. we out. 