this billionaire is too weird. he has never met difficulties. he wants to experience the poor life, but he regrets it just after the experience. he is pushed into the trash can by the door when he is sleeping. he is robbed while walking on the street. finally, he finds a place to stay, but it is burned. actually, the man doesn't voluntarily want to be a poor person. bolt is originally a ceo of a company. he wants to buy islam to build a business empire here. but his competitor is bald and bright. he also wants to take this land. the bald man says that he comes from a slum. remodeling here is his dream. he's different from him. bolt grows up with holding a golden key if he wants this place. the bald man guesses bolt won't survive over 10 minutes. who says that he can survive where he is good deal. in the end, bolt is confused and signs a gambling agreement with the bald man. as long as bolt can live in islam for 30 days, the bald man will give up the project to transform this place. and during this period, bolt can't bring money, also bring an electronic anklet. as long as he leaves the slum, he will be reported. if it exceeds 30 seconds. that proves bolt give up. his wig is also confiscated. then bolt hands over the company to the lawyer. just set off. it's the first time for gold to come to the slums. there are tramps all over the place. he doesn't know what to do. so he is going to find a hotel for the night. but this hotel is weird, two dollars per night. but bolt has no money. he still bluffs with the boss, say he is originally a rich man, but he's no money. now, can he be in debt? first, he will give him 10 000 in a month later. the boss directly regards this man as a mental illness. no way. bolt can only find an iron bucket to spend the night. but he just falls asleep. he needs a mouse, he is so sleepy. later, but just lie down, someone pushes him into the trash can. finally, he gets through to the next day. bolt feels that this will not work. he has to find a way to make some money, buy something to eat. he spots a blind man, thinking of taking the opportunity to steal some but the blind man finds him. bolt runs away quickly. later he discovers someone can make money by cleaning the car for others. so gold picks up a piece of rag at random. but the more he wipes, the dirtier it gets. not only does he not get paid, but also is scolded by the owner, seeing a black guy show his talent. so he goes up and learns to jump, but no one pays for him at all. just when bolt is depressed, he encounters two street slots like him to introduce him to work. never thought it's not working. they give him a headgear, take the opportunity to snatch his shoes. at this time, molly, a fierce woman, rushes out scare the [ __ ] away. later, molly sees that both shoes are robbed. this woman finds a pair of old shoes for the invisible rich man to wear. also take him a free buffet. he meets the old white and the old black. here they are professional users. here their hopes are to die early. so relieved after eating, they are ready to go home. on the other side, the two street [ __ ] sneak into molly's house. they use fire to burn her trash dump hut although others seem to be nothing. molly is very sad, ask both to help her report the police. bolt has never had a fight since he was a child. he hesitates to approach the two robbers. is it going or not? finally, he decides to rush in their place, shout directly, those two are the bad guys. dare to bully them. he is going to condemn them severely. now, that makes the two so funny. bolt directly kicks over the table. then he just runs. the two also chase. after seeing this, chase and chase, bolt quickly hides in a house and locks it. never thought the door is pulled open. at once, one punch hits bolt. at this time, bolt suddenly finds the electronic anklet rings. he just runs back quickly, but he is beaten back again. no way. bolt lies down and sends his feet back. okay, just let them fight him. the old man upstairs pours a pot of hot soup. directly scared, the two run immediately. but after a happy time, new problems come. where do they live now? so a few people decide live over the bridge. both and molly are sleeping in a cardboard box. it's raining heavily. they have to leave the box and run. so a few people go to the rescue station in the rain, but the rescue station has been off work. a few people can only go to the nearby garbage dump. the old man feels a little uncomfortable in the middle of the night. he decides to go out and find some medicine. wait for the black man to wake up. just ask bolt to find him. together. as a result, bowl finds the white old man dies on the street, watching the medical staff put the white man into the bag. bolt feels life is too fragile. on the other side, the bald man wants to get the slim place. he directly bribery bolt's lawyer turn all of both assets into his own. bolt, who is on the other side, is thanking the god because today is exactly 30 days. he challenges himself to succeed. both celebrates with molly that night. the two get along for almost 30 days. both has fallen in love with molly. so bolt brings molly to his villa. he tells her he is actually a billionaire. this time is just a game. but molly doesn't believe it at all. so goal takes her to see the bald man, tell him to keep his promise. but the bald man says, bolt is a stinky beggar. what is the bet? who is the person who bet with him? both sees that he doesn't admit it. he goes to find his own lawyer, but the lawyer doesn't say anything. at first glance, both knows that the lawyer is bribed. he shouts directly, let everyone out of his home. but the bald man let bolt out because the house has been renamed a long time ago. bolt collapses directly. he runs around at home and is kicked out by the security guard. he loses everything. he is on the street, while saying that he is the billionaire at this time, a beggar. doesn't stand it anymore and says he is too crazy. he is the richest person. just like that. the two are still fighting. no one accepts no one. they finally alarm the police. the police catch the two, ready to send them to the mental hospital. just about to go into the car, bolt runs out, also kick the beggar. finally, bolt arrives at the hospital. he still dissatisfies. just says that he is a rich man. the doctor has no choice. give him 500 milliliter subjects because there are too many patients in the hospital. the doctor is dumbfounded. whenever the doctor sees him once, just get him a shot. in the end, a nurse discovers him and rescues bolt. just when bolt is in a coma, molly cries and begs god to save him. this makes bolt feel love for the first time. he decides to give molly a good life. when they are about to destroy the slum, both shouts for everyone to unite protect their homes. but the tramps hear that there is a bucket to eat. they turn around to eat. they don't care anything. molly begs. everyone says they must unite against the enemies. that sentences really touch everyone. just like that, an army of beggars rushes into they still continue to grab their food, snatch their clothes. besides, bolt is driving an excavator take off the conference sign. the bald man looks furious. he also climbs onto the excavator. that's all. the two of them are working on the excavator. but bolt graduated from a technical school. after a few rounds, he directly knocks down the other party. bolt puts the bald man up in front of major media the bald man has to admit that he has an agreement with bolt. both successfully regains the right to transform the slum. finally, the slum is not changed into commercial streets, but is refurbished let all beggars live for free. then bolt marries molly. but molly has been learned one thing since she was a child, when getting in the car, she picks up a lot of cans. only then she wills to get in the car. but then the beggar appears again, still say that he is a rich man. bull sees that man. the two are fighting again. he doesn't marry anymore. he has to fight for victory. the movie ends here. both experiences, this time should be his life's wealth, because he has tasted the ups and downs of life. when he is at the worst time of life, he meets molly who really care about him. isn't this a great blessing in life? 