welcome back to part two of this movie recap. if you haven't seen part one, click the card in the top or the link in the description. the court falls completely silent, waiting for a response from susie. suzy finally looks up, shouting, goddammit. none of this was my idea, she says. a gasp goes through the whole courtroom as d.a hunter shouts to the judge, trying to stop the upcoming confession. suzy reveals that kelly came to her with the idea, and she wanted revenge on mr lombardo. kelly had wanted mr lombardo since her dad's death, but upon finding out he was sleeping with his mom, sandra van ryan, the plan was hatched. the court rumor rupts with shock as kelly tries to attack susie on the stand. she is restrained by a court official, but not before throwing the glass at susie. sandra and the family, lawyer, tom baxter, struggle to leave the courtroom as the media swarms them, trying to ask questions. meanwhile, ken and sam celebrate during the ride back to ken's office. ken's organizing a meeting he hopes will involve a large sum of money being signed over to sam, and of course, a healthy commission fee to him following the false allegations made. following a couple days, ken pulls up to his small office in a brand new ferrari. he goes inside to find sam, sandra, tom baxter and sandra's boyfriend waiting inside. sam signs the contract and slides it over to sandra, showing it's for 8 million. she snaps the pen out of tom's hand and reluctantly signs across the money. sam decides he'll still leave blue bay, so heads to the school to pack up his belongings. art tries to convince him he could stay, but sam is sure he has to go. as he leaves his office for the last time into the common room, kelly walks in, their eyes immediately lock and kelly throws a book at sam. while approaching him, she screams, revealing the money sam has taken came from her trust fund. she begins to attack sam with her binder, before being pulled away by her friends as she repeats, i hate you. sam drives his jeep back to a small motel after a long day moving from blue bay. as he walks in, he sees shoe prints leading around the apartment. he couldn't have left. he cautiously walks slowly around to see into the bathroom, when suddenly kelly can be seen in the mirror. she holds a concealed object pointed at sam. how much did you get? she interrogates, walking towards sam, your turn to pay, kelly says, before revealing a champagne bottle under the towel. she pushes sam onto the bed, victoriously saying, we screwed the [ __ ]. as she leans down to kiss sam. it worked just like you said, she says. sam flips her angrily, asking what she is doing here. she'll ruin their plan. a bang is heard from the other room as susie rounds the corner asking, how much is eight and a half million divided by three? sam is still angry they're both here, but concedes they can celebrate for one night. all three share a romantic moment. the following day, detectives duquette and perez review the case, checking sam's bank account details, showing the large payout he'd received. duquette begins to theorize that sam would have never kept the affair with sandra van ryan private and sat three months in jail without knowing he'd get the payout. duquette continues, saying, sam, suzy and kelly could be in on it together. kelly can't access any money before her trust fund is released. suzy has always been poor, and sam racked up a big debt trying to keep up with barbara. duquette visits kelly the following day, pressing her for information by telling her he knows what's going on. are you all running to the caribbean, he asks. kelly denies the allegations entirely. duquette moves on to susie, who he finds in the glade smoking. susie quickly hides the blunt but duquette slyly tells her she could go back to prison. he then presses her, telling her two's company and three's a crowd. taunting her further, he asks if she really trusts the others. susie is rattled, and after leaving paranoid messages and sam's phone messages, she is called by kelly and told to come over. upon arriving, kelly is on the phone with sam, hearing how susie may blow it, and duquette is the only way their plan might fall apart. kelly and susie begin to argue, getting more and more heated, until susie slaps kelly. kelly pushes susie into the pool and follows her in, pushing her under the water. duquette has followed suzy from her house and is now seen recording the fight with a camcorder. but his eagerness to record evidence turns to shock as suzy and kelly stop fighting and begin kissing. as they move to the center of the pool, things heat up and they share a romantic moment. duquette tries to submit the tape to evidence, but d.a hunter ridicules him for even filming it. astonished he'd essentially filmed an adult movie and wanted to use it as evidence. hunter becomes even more furious when he finds out duquette has called for sam to be brought in. sam insults and smiles at duquette, knowing nobody believes his story. that night, susie and kelly take a ride out to the beach, smoking and drinking. susie wanders out towards the sea, feeling very dizzy from the drink kelly poured for her. she stumbles out onto the sand and passes out. sometime later, she wakes up slowly to see sam standing over her. he helps her up as kelly returns from her pickup truck parked nearby. sam tells susie they're together for one last night before they all split up for a while to lay low. and asks kelly to go get a blanket from the truck. as she walks away, a scream comes from the beach. sam walks towards the truck, bloody champagne bottle in hand and with blood on his face, he nods at kelly, at which point they take susie, who is wrapped in film, through the glades. sam hides her body. the following morning, ray duquette is already looking for clues as to where susie has gone, as she has been reported missing by ruby, her grandmother. he pulls up to the van ryan gates, where he sees kelly trying to wash her mother's jeep, done some four-wheeling. he asks slyly. kelly is mortified to see him and shouts at him to get off the property, before spraying him with a hose. ray then gets a call that susie's car has been found near the bus stop, and that a student thought she might have been on the beach where the seniors drunk often. ray heads to the beach, speaking with a student about sam. the student likes sam, but ray warns him, people aren't who you think they are. as they come towards the area where the seniors normally are, ray notices a tooth lying in an abandoned boat. excited by the new evidence, he calls in a forensics team and has the area surveyed. some time later, d.a hunter and paris have arrived and are speaking with the forensics team about the evidence. there are blood samples, which will take a few hours to come back. dental records on the tooth will take a few days, and dna could take months. rey is annoyed it will take so long, and pushes perez to help him prove that sam killed susie. she reluctantly agrees, and that evening, she goes to stake out sam's property. sam is calling kelly, who is still spooked about rey coming around in the morning. sam tries to calm her by repeating that they'll be in the bahamas in just a week's time. outside, perez begins to write notes on what she can see going on inside. but when she looks up, sam has come right up to her. peeping in people's windows. i'm pretty sure that's illegal, he says, with a smirk on his face. paris asks sam where he was the night before, to which he asks her to come in and see something. sam shows detective perez a file he's written on kelly, in which he claims she had threatened to kill both her mother and another female student she may have had relations with. sam then leaves in a taxi, telling perez to take a look through the file as much as possible. paris calls ray, who is in his car. she explains that sam has left, but reveals the contents of the file. ray immediately assumes the file is fake and gets out of his car. he is next to the van ryan property. ray asks where kelly is and runs towards the guest house. kelly is still trying to call sam when she hears ray running by the pool, and runs to the door to try to lock it, but ray makes his way in anyway. what the hell are you doing here? she screams, glass shatters in the guest house. as rey and kelly fight, two gunshots are heard in succession, followed by a third shot. a few seconds later. sandra van ryan rushes outside to see what the commotion is, only to discover ray crawling out of the guest house with a shot arm and kelly shot dead inside. ray is interviewed about the incident. he tells perez and d.a hunter kelly hit him, went for the gun and hit him in the shoulder, then he was forced to return fire with two rounds to the chest. he tells them he went there to protect her. early next morning, ray is put in front of the board of police. they reveal, while the shooting was determined as legal, he is still fired and can no longer be a police officer. they also conclude that kelly van ryan killed susie toller. rey is sent away, stripped of his title as a detective forever. sam has finally flown away to the bahamas alone. he is staying there for a while in a lush hotel villa. he has been at the beach all afternoon and heads back to his hotel. as he walks into his room, he notices someone is using his shower. he cautiously approaches the bathroom, only for none other than ray duquette to walk out of the shower. howdy, partner, he says. sam replies, jesus, i wasn't expecting you until tomorrow. the bank said the money will be wired over in a few days. ray is annoyed to hear this, but sam tells him to relax and enjoy paradise. they'll go sailing tomorrow, he suggests. sam continues asking why kelly had been killed. that wasn't part of the plan, he says. ray smiles and insists he had no choice, but even he couldn't convince the board kelly didn't kill susie, and they'll be completely in the clear. when did you get so squeamish about death after you killed poor susie? he jokes. the following day, ray and sam are sailing out on the open ocean. sam asks ray to fix some cabling on the side of the boat. but as ray reaches down to unhook the rope, sam swings the boat to the right, knocking off ray. he smiles slyly and says, always one hand for the boat and one hand for you. but rey did not fall into the sea. ray climbs back onto the deck. sam pretends he didn't deliberately steer the boat leftwards, but ray begins fighting him. ray begins to overpower sam, but not before he is shot with a harpoon gun. meanwhile, back in the miami glades, detective perez is visiting ruby, suzy's grandmother. ruby reveals that ray had killed a young boy in the glades, and when he found out susie had seen him do it, he got her locked up for six months. ruby then reveals that susie's iq had tested to be over 200. paris asks about susie's parents, and ruby tells her the truth. sandra van ryan's father, kelly's grandfather, would come to the glades and pick up women. once he got one pregnant and abandoned her in the glaze. although she drank herself to death, she gave birth to the baby, susie making susie kelly's aunt and sandra van ryan's half-sister. back on the boat, susie is revealed to have faked her death. she pours drinks for her and sam. as ray falls off the boat, drowning, susie and sam take a drink, but sam begins to become paralyzed. suzy unhinges the mast, knocking sam off the boat to drown, and finishing her master plan to enact revenge on sam and ray. we are shown how kelly used illicit photos of sam and kelly to blackmail sam into following the plan. sam befriended ray, and following susie's instructions, they carried out the master plan ray, unknowing of susie's real intentions. it is also shown that ray murdered kelly and shot himself to make it look like there was a struggle. that evening, susie goes to a local bar to meet ken bowden, who was in on the plan too. they split the cash, with ken taking his usual fee. thanks for watching. like and subscribe for more comment below which movies you'd like recapped in the next video. 