turn the clock back at least ten years to an allegory for our DJ's career. a douchebag hoisted by his own petard at a cave for the literal change of heart. British male Alexis chose not to fly higher. group sticks around, but nocturnal Empire. evil ball dude is the first mugger. granted. don't we get rewarded for six through the credits filled - you forgot this one. banner in Brazil. still on the run. watch an anger on his Fitbit. whoops. Lea finds the pizza, gnarly. and before it leaves the Fight Club, whole world's an on. the iron man, truth conquer self is a steady fishing in his suit. lazy Winston, hammer working together. Rhodey wears the armor ScarJo first leather, god of thunder as the next Ogawa, banished from the clouds to New Mexico. schools Portland on the magic looking for his tool to save a couple rounds. only low-key dice hold you back. in the day, a little twerp of Brooklyn juices up, gets better look and beaten up Nazis one by one. his duty calls free Santhosh, but is still left with poo balls. and it worked. let's assemble the Avengers. shield hand pursuit, arrows, guns and a temper. fight each other first, but it's part of the stupid plan. until they come together, puts the decimation. superfan. well, kick out the blue hue buckets, up a whirl or fight a bunch of aliens standing in a circle. get the WT. Spanos hands warm us. so many things, but that was just a warm-up. Oh, the terror on the rise, called the man to reign, except he's an actor. just stand it in for some glowy guy who pepper Rex Tony blows up a suits for his future. ex rainbow road to the Cobble past stores. newest beau is the Chiefs wrath and Buddy the elf, with his humorless experience, save a couple realms to a low-key dice. serious Sabri cancer. this new friend, Sam Shields overseen by the Sundance man. hydras in the building and the baddies in the goodies. Murray was the same scar joke was a hoodie. follow you. deep dark trail of crumbs because the brainwashed killer is missing. Chum, have attached and the tussle, but neither wants to end it. now I'm rethinking every one of my friend shits up for you. listen, because we're going to space. he Holograms lasers, a deck for tapes. cuppa tea. Stella green with a rodent industry. and another hot Chris, who's shredded like cheese. Prison Break of Louisville. Otto and Cruz avoid space cops and run-in-jockey. once again, it's friendship saving lives. band together like a more stable Jackson. 5. Lobos fader and a body through a Jarvis Thor takes a bath. dinner party at the Barton. save a European town with a mute Rooskies. all this happened cuz 20 minute walk. yeah. area rather than thugs like meets Michael Douglas. and now we love a bug's life, but without shrink it down every time he almost dies. everybody knows what was way more qualified, Oh, or worse, with Toni and Steve. but the real villain here is legalese Bucky off the stark rants way back in 91. he may on the metal arm. Katniss divided killer nicotine buddy, a concept they know best beat each other off like I should. pictures from my toy chest. he's the kind of cleared up, but no one said Uncle rody rehabs. [ __ ] ass the jungle of mystical rail where's Steve? - transcends overcome. signatory for now. - British accent to mention tripping up. finale on repeat. Bruce at your hit. and rust is 3d. bunch of a-holes, all with their own rears still, with a great soundtrack to hear. Peters, daddy issues a kind of resolve. [ __ ] Ricky on do fairy prophets. y'all do. spider-man, actually a minor once affection from his father, previous to design. and learning how his body works was enough a ferryboat beating up the Paris of the worst case scenario Orchestra comedy. and actually delivers runs into the Ruffalo and a pair of scissors, Goldblum asks for the movie in his head. then we save a couple. well, Mikey still Moncton, brand-new tech boa statue costumes. bumper with ads over the discussion. Charles was the world how his country functions. Wakanda forever. am I allowed to say that Ferris is purple. Lance got off the throne. get involved. as long as you got the Stalin's all times and faces in need of some saving. bubbles. they keep all Steve Rogers from shaving. that was the marvels the manic universe. leading up to dinner, he wore yellow. this recap reps. follow our Facebook page to walk and enjoy the rest of b3. opens everything y'all want it to be. we'll see you next time. hello again guys. click that box and left to see another Marvel video, or click the Box on the right to see a different dog video. alright, me and Nick, you're gonna go do some yoga and there we'll see you again later. alright, boy. 