what's hp? lovecraft's favorite streaming service, chatulu. and we're already off to a bad start. but let's begin as we mean to go on. the first episode of lovecraft country has just dropped on hbo. and throughout this video we're going to be breaking down everything that you need to know about it. there's a lot to talk about, so i just want to dive straight into the episode. but obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you don't want anything ruined, then i recommend that you take the other road out of here. if you're still here, then welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host. definition now let's get into the breakdown. okay. so lovecraft country begins in 1954, and similar to the book, we follow a korean war vet known as atticus as he searches for his father. in the original work, atticus was called atticus turner, but here he's been renamed to atticus freeman to signify the subtext of the show, which is, of course, about racial tension. the show actually opens with a really stylish introduction in which he dreams about the war and his time in the trenches. it's initially shot in black and white, potentially to symbolize how races often fight alongside each other in battles, and color is not really seen by soldiers. however, this opens up the longer that the intro goes on, and i think it carries a lot of symbolism with it. now, one of the great criticisms of the vietnam war by muhammad ali was that he would be fighting against another country, for a country that didn't really respect or even like his race. he found this to be very hypocritical, and it's something that we see atticus and the characters deal with. even though atticus fought for america against the koreans, the people from his homeland view him as less than they are. and this really adds a lot of tension as we get further into the episode. now in the introduction, we also hear a voice narrate, this is the story of a boy and his dream. but more than that, it is the story of an american boy and a dream that is truly american. now this is actually a quote from jackie robinson, who was the first african american to play major league baseball. it's at this point that things take a big turn, and some war of the worlds inspired aliens dropped down, and two take part in the conflict. a red-skinned alien descends before chitulu appears and is then taken out by jackie robinson himself. we then cut to atticus on a bus, and we can see that he's reading the princess of mars. like atticus says, this is a story about an ex-confederate soldier, aka john carter, who ends up going to mars and fighting a war there. i actually think that this symbolizes the subtext of the story too, and how the season will go on. the whole point of the book was to show that black people can be heroes and the stories that we know and love. in the early 20th century, african americans were not really featured in fiction due to white writers not including them. however, lovecraft country is retroactively going back and allowing them to be part of fiction during the time. this is why the book and likely season features a wealth of sci-fi, horror and adventure storylines. now i have read the book, and it does get pretty wild, so do expect a mix of genres the further that we get into it. unfortunately, the bus breaks down, and the driver shows up with alternate travel however, atticus decides to skip the ride, and he walks home with another black passenger. after getting a couple of funny looks from the truck owner, atticus informs the woman that he received a strange letter from his father, montrose. and we then jump to chicago. here we meet atticus's uncle george and his wife, hippolyta, who end up having a bit of a bit of afternoon delight. they discussed the book they're working on, which is called the safe negro travel guide. this features heavily in the original source material, and it basically works as a guide for african americans to avoid towns and locales that might be dangerous. now this was actually a real text which was published in 1936, and it ran all the way up to 1966. in lovecraft country, it also provides some warnings on the monsters, but we'll get into that later in the video. we also meet diana, and with atticus, the group have a reunion, before the latter travels out to the guide office. here he picks up the book, the outsider and the others by lovecraft, which is published by arkham house. arkham is later dropped as a name. and this is actually a publishing body that kept lovecraft's work alive long after his death. with george, atticus also discusses herbert west, reanimator, before dropping the name lovecraft country. the pair talk about atticus's missing father, and he reveals the content of a letter that was sent to him in this montrose detailed a secret ancestor and the birthright that had a kiss was owed. i'll talk about this later in the video, after dropping a big spoiler warning, because it does ruin a certain part of the book if you've not read it. but just be aware of this, that ariser does tie massively into the overall plot. now, george corrects arkham to autumn, and atticus goes to denmark faces ball, looking for more information on his dad. this was actually named after denmark vasey, who planned a slave rebellion in 1822 and was executed because of it. now we jump across to a knight block party. and here we meet letitia, played by journey smallit, who just so happens to be the sister of juice moulay. her older sister ruby performs her sister rosetta song on stage, and we learn that her brother is near a town called bideford in england. bideford was the location of a witch trial in 1682. and as witches actually feature in the source material, it does hint towards what could be coming down the line. we also get a tease of letitia's character here, as we discover she only showed up to see her sister because she needed a place to stay throughout the work. letty initially only really goes to people because she wants or needs something. she acts nice to them and uses her charm to lower their god, but overall, her friendship often has ulterior motives. we then see atticus and george looking over a map of the country with several symbols indicating what's included in the areas. this ranges from werewolves to wizards and even clan members. the latter two become interlinked the further that we get into the story. and the conversation culminates with atticus realizing that his father is located in the land of death. atticus then goes back to his home, and here he finds the count of monte cristo. novel this centers around a count who's wrongfully imprisoned. and he then escapes his confines and amasses a fortune before bringing revenge to those that wronged him. this could be a metaphor for what will happen later in the storyline, when atticus himself is taken captive. atticus also comes across his father's gun and speaks to gi who just so happens to be the same actress that played the red-skinned alien woman that we saw in the introduction. atticus awakens to find letty trying to hit your ride. and though they don't say it, you can tell the two go way back. the road trip really brings them together. and along with george, the three head out across the country in search of atticus's dead. across the midwest, they pass an ice cream stand in which we see a family waiting to be served at the coloured stand, whilst the staff members ignore them and chat away. they also pass a sign that warns african americans to not let the sun set on them in the area. this is because they've entered a sun downtown, which ties into the title of the episode itself. sundown towns were places where white people allowed black people to venture around during the day, but at night they viewed it as a civic duty to arrest them and sometimes even kill them. this is later referred to by policemen, and it becomes the tensest part of the episode. now, people at a pit stop make monkey noises towards atticus. and we see the juxtaposition of this, as the group are ostracized out of the area, whilst drawings of their faces are also used to advertise things such as ancient this really shows the differences between societies. and other monsters are used as a metaphor, we really get the idea that there is a dichotomy of society here. this is showcased in a queue of african americans waiting for the bus, whilst a picture of a white family driving a car hangs above them. it's not too subtle, but the montage shows you how things really were back then, and how african americans have had to deal with several indignities. the group dropped by the simmonsville diner, which is recommended to them by george. inside, though, they discover that it's now under white ownership. we learned that the previous owners were run out of the town, and is possible that it could have been burned down due to the walls being white. this is similar to how the white house was painted wide after it was badly burned. and a floor tile at slides gives it all away. letty catches a member of staff calling the owners, and she rushes out to warn the pair, but it's too late, as a group of firemen and citizens arrive, chasing the trio whilst firing guns. luckily, a silver car shows up to save them. and this is tied to atticus, as it was seen following him earlier in the episode. a mysterious woman steps out, and i believe that this is christina breithwight. she's someone that is tied to atticus's legacy. i think she's gonna become a big villain in the season. they make it to lady's brother, marvin, who tells them of bideford, and they also discuss the local sheriff, who pretty much enforces the sundown law. the sheriff becomes the big bad of the entry, and it's definitely important that you pay attention to him here. marvin and letty end up fighting as things from the past are brought to the present. and it's here that we get hints about letty's true intentions and how she drifts from person to person, getting what she wants, but she doesn't really have any stability. atticus and george, too have their disagreements over their father and brother. clearly there's tension between the pair over atticus joining the army to fight for a country that hates him, and this caused a lot of anger between him and his father. montrose, the next day is when things really start to heat up. and the group make their way to autumn. however, they become lost in the woods and pull over to figure out what to do. now if you've read the book, then you'll know that this is one of the most gripping parts of it. i always wondered how this would translate to screen, and it really doesn't disappoint. here sheriff hunt arrives, and the actor perfectly nails delivering lines that are deeply chilling while smiling through great teeth. i love how he gives them a time limit and then stalls them as much as possible so that they have less and less of it. he drops the line about the entire country being a sundown one and stalks them as they try to make their way out of the area. now, not only are they not allowed to speed, but they're also forced to take a specific road. and this leads to an incredible seed that's also the slowest car chase i've ever seen, but also one of the tensest. now, before he arrives, there is mention of a shoggoth. and this is actually a monster from lovecraft's chittulu mythology. like atticus says, it's basically a blob with eyes and teeth. but it's not the real monster here, that is the sheriff. now this is what lovecraft country does brilliantly. and normally in horror films, when there's a monster, you breathe a sigh of relief when the police show up. however, here it's the other way around, and you're actually relieved when a monster shows up to take down the police. the group make it across the county line, but they're stopped by a blockade of deputies and taken through the woods. here they're accused of committing a spate of burglaries. and just before hunt executes them for knowing his name, we hear the cries of the shoghorth. now, if i was a policeman, i wouldn't be going into any of these woods at all ever. and we can see why, because it completely decimates their forces. whilst letting atticus take shelter in a cabin, hunt and another policeman make it to here too and hold out, whilst george runs across the forest. george actually survives, and he draws the conclusion that the creatures fear light. and he quotes dracula before they formulate a plan. letty is forced by hunt to make a run for the car, and the shoghoth stalks her, and it just makes me scream, run, forest, run in the cabin. the bite slowly transforms hunt into one of the creatures, and he begins to mutate before tearing the other officer apart. lettie makes it to the car and hits hunt with it, but he flees off into the night, likely to make a return down the line. the trio leave the cabin, which is when they shoggoth surround them, and it looks like their time is up, but a mysterious whistle summons them away. the group survive, and they make their way to autumn, which is when they arrive at a mansion. here, they spot a silver car and are greeted by caleb braithwight, which ends the entry. now, what's going on? what? what the hell is going on? well, we will be discussing some book spoilers, so if you don't want to know anything, then i recommend that you turn off now. now it is revealed that caleb and his sister are members of a group of wizards known as the sons of adam. it turns out that atticus is the ancestor of their leader, who had a child with a slave woman, caleb. their leader wishes to perform a ritual sacrifice on atticus, which will empower the group. and this is why he and his sister have led them here, all whilst protecting them. i think the next episode we will find out this, and also learn about their plan. i don't want to skip too far ahead and give you the outcome of that, as you know, you want some surprises. but that's who the character is, just in case you're wondering. anyway, that's the first episode, and i have to say, i absolutely loved it. and obviously, i want to hear your thoughts on it. so make sure you comment below and let me know. if you want something else to watch, then check out our breakdown of agents of shield. and don't forget to subscribe to the channel. as we go through lovecraft country every single week. we're also giving away a free copy of the avengers on any console of your choice. and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, subscribe to the channel and drop a comment on what you think of the show. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of august, so make sure you get involved, as i'd love to see you win. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. and you can also come chat to us on our discord server linked in the description, or heavy swirlers on twitter. anyway, thank you for making it until the end of the video. i've been definition. you've been the best. and hopefully i'll see you next week. take care. peace you 