you need anything, just you all right. we're here today to teach you the basics of wildfire trends. we work for a company called mavis as a private fire company. don't touch me. james, you said you wanted to talk. you said your father had lied to you. you said you found my letter. i thought she had killed herself again. why i missed you. how good i am. how could i see you when? what could i have said? did he, did he torture you? was was he a monster? and i just never knew it? no, i was overwhelmed from the minute you were born. and i loved you, but i also resented you. where did you go? i went to new york where my cousins lived. i fought fires for two years. you haven't said, i'm sorry for leaving you and letting you think i was dead. i just left. your father did the rest. where do you need me? [Music]. he asked me, what am i supposed to tell a nine-year-old girl about why her mother left her? and i said, i don't know. tell her i'm dead. we train convicts. we use them as free labor, and then when they get out, we don't give them a job. so i'm good with being fired. i was swiping for gay sex, and i saw a picture of my dad with his shirt off, wearing only chinos and a belt. i'm not part of 19 anymore, but i wanted to be here for andy. if you're watching this, my dad was probably your hero. the gift of a group of people who i feel closer to than any blood brother or sister. oh my god, it took morphine when i woke up. i needed it. i spoke to dr shepard, and she suggested that you take some space. let's stay clean. we need some time apart. this is so wild. it's everything's exactly like when we were kids. miller, sorry to hear about you and sasha. man, don't worry. we will still speak to you. i'm robert, and i'm an addict. i can do everything i can to clean up the mess your sister made. i prove it will take you. you were always a topic of conversation at sunday dinner. we never stopped looking out for you. we saw you in state. salsa, i just, i thought, you know, i thought we were more than that, but what did you think we were? i thought we were family, but i guess i was wrong me asking you to move in with me as a sign that i'm all the way i got you. huey here, we're both healthy. we're both clean and sober. that's what we know. he's asking me to be a sponsor. even committed to a 90-day separation from his wife so he could focus on his recovery full time. is that correct? all charges against me were dropped. the investigation was mishandled. i was asked to resign from my position as fired. recently accepted a new position as deputy chief of operations, putting in resources for treatment. my prt is not the problem. robert sullivan is not the problem. there are systemic problems that one. i'm sorry about the prt. i know how much you've mentioned colleagues. i regret breaking that trust, and i plan to spend the rest of my career making it up to them. commission, i'm captain maya bishop from station 19, and i'd be doing this department of disservice if i didn't bring our team here today from pain from an injury he got on the job, putting others lives before his. at sfd, we take care of our own. [Music] dixon, he was never one of us. losing a damn good firefighter is not justice. yeah, yeah, let's be friends. but i do know that i never forgave you for taking the job for jack, for so many things that weren't entirely your fault. i'm sorry it's taken me so long to say all this. no, i'm i'm sorry. i'm still a firefighter. knocked me back to grunt where. welcome to 19 probie 19. yeah, yeah, i'm at 23. oh, what's the problem? miller, you you reach the level most black firefighters will never sniff, let alone see. and what do you do with all that success? everything they do. i think i know what i did. no, i think you knew exactly what you did. you just did it anyway. i stole drugs because i'm an addict. miller, i should test it positive for kovid. i'm sorry. i'm so sorry. but the good news is that all three of you came in fire profile. dad, no, i'm online. i know my mother-in-law, she, um, she's gone. i'm not really dating right now. global pandemic. now, watch as i handle the rejection [Music] gracefully. what the hell? where is my daughter? we have reason to believe that there are two teenage girls somewhere in or around this house. what's going on? what's going on? two girls are being held captive in that burning house. [Music], that's is this guy dragged us into a man. it's not your fault, your niece, do you hear me? [Music], stop resisting. [Music], you 