hello everyone. today i will be explaining a movie name the unborn, in which a young woman, casey, fights the spirit that is slowly taking possession of her. please hit the like button if you enjoy the video, comment down and tell us how you like this video, and subscribe to the channel for more videos like this. at the beginning of the movie, we see a girl named casey who just jogging in the morning, when sees an evil child with bright blue eyes on the way. then he sees a strange looking dog. she goes after that dog and sees a mask lying in the woods. as she picks up that mask, there she sees someone's face. and suddenly that face opens his eyes, seeing which she gets scared, and only then she wakes up. it means she was having a dream. she is a bit relaxed, but these types of dreams are very often. casey used to babysit her neighbor's four-year son, maddie. once she hears his sounds from matty's room. and when she goes there to check, she sees that he is showing his infant sibling its reflection in a mirror. as casey goes to him, maddie attacks casey smashing the mirror on her head and tells her jumpy wants to be born now. she puts him to bed and leaves in shock. in the next scene, we see casey with her friends. romy is her best friend, and mark is her boyfriend. casey tells all the things that are happening to her, but no one believes her words. but romy tells her of superstition that newborn should not see their reflections in the mirror for at least a year, because otherwise they will die soon. the next day, we see casey comes after taking a bath, where romy notices casey's eyes, her eyes were changing colors. she tells this to casey and asks her to meet the doctor. after this, casey and mark visit a doctor. the doctor takes some pictures of casey's eyes and does some tests on her and asked her to come back after a few days to collect the report. that same night, casey and mark make out at casey's house. after this, casey goes to the bathroom to wash her face, during which she hears some sound from the mirror cabinet. as soon as casey opens it, she sees maddie inside it, and he is sitting in a small place, twisting himself. casey gets very scared seeing this, and she screams. after hearing her, mark comes there, and casey tells him everything. but when mark checks, there's no one there. after this, we see that when casey goes to get her report, the doctor asked if she's a twin, and explains the change is tetragometic chimerism and heterochromia, and then it is completely normal. hearing this, she gets upset and goes to her father and know about this, and asked him about the twins. casey's father admits that she had a twin brother years ago, who died while he was in the womb, when her umbilical cord strangled him, and whom he and casey's late mother, janet, had nicknamed jumpy. and this chubby is the one man he was talking about. after this, casey learns that maddie's infant brother dies. supporting the superstition, she goes home and sees her mom's photos and videos, where she comes to know about a lady with her mom, who now lives in an old age home. casey goes to meet her with her friend romy. that lady's name is sophie. casey meets sophie and tells her about herself, but she doesn't talk much to them and asks them to leave. now this makes casey even more upset because she is not getting the answers to her questions. to freshen the mood, casey goes to a club with her friends, but even there, she starts seeing maddie, which upsets her. after this, she goes to the washroom where she sees the spirit of her mother, who wanted to say something to her, but she could not understand anything. then a lot of insects start coming out of a hole there, which finds her a lot. she tries to open the washroom door, but it does not open. after this, she starts screaming very loudly. and hearing her voice, her friends come inside, but everything was normal there, and they see that casey is very scared. after this, casey is sleeping in her room, but when her eyes open, she sees that she is hanging upside down on the ceiling and sleeping on the bed. at the same seeing this, she gets very nervous and sees maddie lying next to her and tearing her stomach with his hands then casey wakes up and she was dreaming. just then, casey gets a call from sophie, who tells her to come to her as soon as possible. now, casey goes to her at the same time, where sophie reveals to her that she is her grandmother. sophie explains that as a child she had a twin, brother, barno, who died during nazi experiments conducted by dr joseph medjo in auschwitz during world war ii. a dybbuk, a malevolent, wandering spirit that enters and possesses the body of a living person, until exercise brought the brother back to life to use as a portal into the world of the living. sophie killed her twin to stop the spirit, and now it haunts her family for revenge, which is why casey's mother became insane and committed suicide. casey asked her why he has come after so much time, to which sophie tells her that it takes a lot of time and strength to come from the world to this world, due to which he is weak and can be killed. sophie gives casey a hamster amulet for protection, instructs her to destroy all mirrors and burn the shards. and refers her to rabbi joseph sendak, who can perform a jewish exorcism to remove the dybbuk out of her soul. she also gives her an exorcism book, which casey takes to sandak, but he does not believe her words. we then see that maddie gets into an accident with romy's car, but doesn't get a single scratch. romy gets quite surprised to see this. after this, maddie warns romy that she should stop helping casey, or else she too will be killed. romy gets scared after hearing this, and leaves from there to tell casey, and she tells her everything. now in the night, sophie hears some strange sounds, and when she goes to check, she sees that an old man is moving towards her with his neck twisted. then suddenly, maddie comes behind sophie and kills her. after this, we see sandec reading the book when he also hears some sound. and when he goes to check, he sees a dog with an upturned head. and is convinced that whatever casey was saying was true. on the other hand, maddie reaches romy's house and kills her too. casey and her boyfriend, mark, both see the spirit after it kills romy and realizes that it's getting stronger. next we see sand egg, mark and casey, who decide to perform exorcism together with arthur, an episcopal priest. now the same night, they all, with other volunteers, go for exorcism. and start the exorcism, with casey lying in the middle. but after some time, debba comes there and attacks all of them, due to which several people get injured and several die. after this spirit passes priest arthur, and he attacks casey and mark, but marks, a minox priest. now that soul passes mark, and now he attacks casey, but she stabs mark on his neck with her amulet. just then sandorak comes there, and he and casey complete the exorcism. the right draws the dybbuk out of the human world, but mark falls and dies. during the separation, casey mourns her boyfriend, but wonders why the dybbuk suddenly became active in her life now, and why it didn't attack her earlier. she takes a pregnancy test and learns that she is pregnant with mark's twins. the movie ends here. thank you for watching. please do not forget to like, comment and subscribe. [Music]. you 