welcome to loki crammed. don't forget to watch for recap of four, where loki's journey began. because thanks to the time travel adventures of avengers end game, the early phase one, god of mischief was able to escape into his own tv show. as the mcu continues to get strange during phase four. and of course, make sure that you're subscribed and checking out the other marvel recaps. and let's go. [Music]. well, it looks like he zapped himself from new york on random to land in a gobi desert, where he tries a bit of godding over the locals, but he's caught the attention of the time variant authority, whose minutes men hunters have no trouble dealing him a swift smack into 1 16th speed before dragging him off to their hq and resetting the local timeline. loki finds himself being processed in a confusing, bureaucratic facility that takes the tesseract, strips him to a more basic look and makes him sign for every single thing he's ever said, as well as confirming he's not a robot. it would appear there was once a grand temporal war between timelines. but thanks to the timekeepers merging everything into a single thread, the temporal variance agency was founded to stop any more slips into branching realities in order to avoid possible future multiverse wars. and loki, who has just escaped his place in the core timeline, is to stand trial for his offence. and seeing as magic doesn't work around here, he's about to be reset. but agent mobius takes an interest in the god and gives him a tour of the vast city of technology. seeing as time works differently inside the tva, the bureaucrats are able to keep loki in check so that agent mobius can sit for would-be dictator down for a conversation. he seems to think loki's father issues and his desire to be king of something has been getting in the way of his mischievous potential, citing his attack on new york under thanos as him not being at his best. however, some of his highlights in life have been tricks, like hijacking a plane back on earth as db cooper with a bomb to steal a load of money after losing a bet with his brother four so owen wilson shows loki the timeline as it was supposed to occur, without his tesseract escape, his imprisonment in asgard and the events of for the dark world, including the death of his mother. he's trying to get to the core of what's driving loki's actions and understand him. but they're interrupted by the loss of one of their tva units. more on that later. and loki uses this as an opportunity to steal the time twister and turn himself back to when he was near the processing area to steal back the tesseract, discovering instead that the tva is so overpoweringly above the bounds of a marvel universe they keep infinity stones lying around like paperweights, shocking loki into realizing that he might be dealing with one of the greatest powers in existence. and while still dodging security, he goes back to take in the events of what his life was supposed to be, realizing he had gone on to reconcile his hopes for acceptance and family, right up to the point of his death at the hands of thanos. it's a strange thing to take in his missed experiences of finding happiness along with his demise. and he takes it out on hunter b15 by duping her into some close combat and slipping on the time collar for a bit of repetitive temporal displacement. but with nowhere in the timeline to go, he explains he doesn't enjoy hurting people. he just does these things to maintain the illusion of the trickster he is, to inspire fear and give him control. but mobius doesn't quite see him as the villain. he's not offering salvation, but he is willing to offer loki a job, because there's a fugitive timeline variant out there who's been baiting and then killing off tva units in small groups throughout history, leaving an odd trail of clues from some gum in 16th century france over to 19th century oklahoma, where an entire unit is burned alive. loki might be the right person to help, because the fugitive variant who's been killing the tva minutemen is, in fact, another version of himself. oh my god. so thanks a lot for watching, and let me know what you think of loki so far in the comments below. make sure that you're subscribed to filmcram to catch the next episode. and take care. 