[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 1999 animated comedy-drama film, Toy Story 2. so let's get started. while Andy prepares to go to cowboy camp with woody, he accidentally tears Woody's arm, causing woody to be left behind. the next day, what he finds a Weezy who has been shelf for months due to a broken squeaker. Andy's mother puts Weezy and a yard sale, but woody rescues him, only to be stolen by a greedy toy collector who takes him to his apartment. Buzz Lightyear and the rest of Andy's toys identify the thief from a commercial to BL buzz ham, mr. Potato Head, slinky dog and Rex set out to rescue woody at Al's apartment. what he learns that he's based off of a 1950s television show called Woody's roundup, and that, along with Jesse bullseye and stinky Pete, he is set to be sold to a toy Museum in Tokyo. while the others are excited about going, what he intends to return home to Andy stinky Pete explains that the museum is only interested in the collection if it is complete. and without woody, they would be returned to storage. when Woody's arm is torn off completely, woody attempts to retrieve it and escape, but his caught WA nails. television set turns on. he blames Jesse when he finds the TV remote in front of her. the next morning, Woody's arm is fixed. he learns that Jesse once belonged to a girl who eventually gave her away. stinky Pete warns him the same fate awaits him, whereas he will last forever in the museum. what he decides to stay. meanwhile, buzz and the other toys reach Al's Toy Barn. while searching for woody, buzzes imprisoned by utility belt. buzz, who believes that buzz of rogue Space Ranger. he joins the other toys who mistake him for Andy's buzz. after discovering Elle's plan, they go to his apartment. while Andy's buzz escapes and pursues them, accidentally freeing at Zurg toy, who follows with the intent of destroying him. after the toys fine woody buzz rejoins them, but what he refuses to go home. buzz reminds woody that a toys true purpose is to be played with, which he could never experience any museum would. he changes his mind and asked the roundup to come home with him and Andy's toys. stinky Pete stops them, revealing he was responsible for foiling Woody's escape attempt and framed Jesse for it. Elle returns, takes the gang and leaves for the airport. Andy's toy pursue al, but are caught by Zurg, who battles utility belt buzz and reveals himself as buzzes father. Rex inadvertently knocks arrghh off the elevator and utility belt. buzz chooses to remain behind with Zurg, accompanied by three toy aliens. Andy's toys steal a Pizza Planet delivery truck and foul ale to the airport where they use a pet carrier to sneak in to find al suitcase. stinky Pete rips at Woody's arm during a struggle, but Andy's toys stuff him into a little girls backpack. they free bullseye and have to chase down Jesse. the toys return home in a stolen baggage carrier. when Andy returns from camp, he accepts Jesse, bullseye and the aliens as his new toys, then repairs what he's torn arm Elle's business has suffered due to him failing to sell the roundup gang, and wheezy squeaker has been fixed. what he tells buzz that he is no longer worried about Andy outgrowing him, because when he eventually does, they will still have each other for company. so that was a spoiler for Toy Story 2. if you have a film you'd like to see a spoil let us know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Music]. 