[Music]. welcome to the breakdown where we break down all the messed up [ __ ]. so today I wanted to finally get this damn film out the way called begotten. so begotten is the film that has one of the first disturbing scenes I've ever seen. a lot of those mysterious youtubers with use footage from begotten showing this crazy figure right here. otherwise, is a pretty classic disturbing film, a film you will see on a lot of disturbing movie lists. even still, it's a pretty boring ass movie, I'll be honest. but I'll just recap it to the best of my ability for this video. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown. the movie starts out with landscapes at first, until we zoom in on a house. and the house is the figure that disturbs me a lot. when I was younger, I assumed this was just some ghoulish woman. but according to the Internet, this being is called God. the God is bleeding all over the place and seems to actually be wearing a mask, I guess, us in pain those very weird movements. but we then see something in his hand, which is used to disembowel itself. it's like five minutes of him cutting himself up. but his son throws lots of his innards on the floor. the gods death is now absolute, with the drawn-out corpse and boughs and intestines all on the floor. well, soon we see this weird [ __ ] coming down on his feet. it might be [ __ ], I'd say, but then that is a whole lot of [ __ ]. the reason I thought that was because of the noises I heard. after all that, a hand reaches out from the guy's drapery. this some woman who the Internet and the credit slice to call mother earth. I guess she is trying to show how perky she is, or maybe show that she's in heat. that seems like something a female animal with you. she crawls up to the dead God and grabs something. wait, Oh, yep, there goes a censor. she's grabbing the gods member, and it's trying to get him to release. y'all know what that stuff is, right? yeah. y'all know. y'all grown. well, she takes the semen on her belly and inseminate herself, probably won't show that cuz you two trying to kill me. but next we see her in a large, vast landscape. I guess nine months have passed already, cuz their stomach is so big. but the mother does give birth. it's a very ugly ass baby boy. I ain't gonna lie, or that's a man fetus. mother earth then walks away as the son convulses on the floor. not gonna lie, it looks pretty creepy, but maybe he's mad about being an abandoned baby son. Oh, some mass, Biggers entered the frame. they slowly Rumble around the ground. we dimensionally circle around the Sun of Earth. the mass figures are nomads, eventually grab and drag the son of Earth by some rope, some say is some earthly mystical but chicken biblical cord. right here. the son of Earth seems to be vomiting some kind of gross mass. the nomads help drag that [ __ ] out and hold it with both hands like it's something important. but that wasn't the case. they just wouldn't threw it away. it's like a five-minute scene of him just throwing up earthly masses. and it's like a really distorted and slow. Freddy fazbear laughs in the background. I might find a clip see up here. is like this. finally, they dragged his ass away, and her fire is started. they forced him to consume some liquid, I believe that's what they're doing. but they then finally pick him up and throw him into the fire, which kills him. the son of Earth doesn't stay dead, though, and resurrects later, before being visited by Mother Earth. she grabs ahold of him with an earthly umbilical cord, and it has no problem dragging his big ass away. suddenly, though, some more hooded figures look from behind. they follow behind the mother of Earth, and the nomads beat the son over the head twice while he composes and gets beating more. the nomads touch all over mother earth. yes, mother earth is raped, but I don't think this is the scene where it starts. first, the nomads dragged her away, and it seems like they kind of cut her up instead. but perhaps I was mistaken. I believe that this is where the rape goes on, probably because of some of the things we see on the frame that makes me think that way. now, you can't tell me this, don't remind you of the Black Dahlia or some six famous Jack the Ripper victim? I mean, the photo, look, the no mass seemingly disappeared to let the Sun mourn the dead mom. but then her body is taken away by some more weird characters. they leave the hectic Sun behind, post up the dead mother of Earth and cut her body to pieces. this scene isn't so clear-cut to notice them cutting her up, but regardless, they also go back to get the son, and he is cut up too. next they smash up both their remains, bury them in the ground. plants die, plants go back landscape. the end. let me just tell you right away, I was bored. I'm not saying it was bad or anything, but yeah, do you think this film is art? Koo. I do think it is. all right, whatever. if you think it's pointless, the director would probably disagree. it was at least cool to see the rest of this movie after seeing God killing himself a lot. now do we seen a very classic, disturbing film. let's talk about the most disturbing omit and most enjoyment in that spoon. he's dead. so let's get right into it. it must have started on my face. for me, honestly, the beginning with God killing himself, like his movements were very spooky, I'd say. plus, killing yourself that way is pretty crazy. perhaps this guy was very disappointed and what he created. [ __ ]. I would be too if my creations killed my son and wife like that, over and over. that's assuming that I love the earth. this is white. whatever. the most enjoyment was credits. I was happy to end this movie on this. and that's it. if you enjoyed, make sure you click that like button. and if you're interested, click on some of the movies you see on the screen right now. thanks for watching the video. anyways, I'm not done. I got a lot of stuff planned. footage 10. I'm just gonna say it right here. I got a comic breakdowns I want to bring back for battle. a lot of y'all don't know about that. well, I'm just telling y'all right now. I got a lot of stuff planned. and this is also my hardest semester in school so far. but we're gonna get through it, so I just dig with me. but anyway, thanks for watching this video. spooky out 