Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap. Today, I'm going to give you an overview of the 2019 American psychological horror film called 'Ma'. There will be Spoilers ahead, so please proceed with caution. Maggie Thompson, a teen, returns to her Ohio hometown with her mother Erica when Erica's husband abandons her. Maggie makes friends with Haley, Darrell, Chaz, and Andy at her new high school, and Andy develops a crush on her right away. Sue Ann 'Ma' Ellington, a veterinary technician, is persuaded to assist them in purchasing alcohol. Because of the officer's past with Andy's father, Ben, Sue Ann anonymously reports their actions, but they are freed. Sue Ann invites the youngsters to drink in her basement the next day. As time goes on, more and more adolescents show up at her house to party, making her a popular figure among her peers. Sue Ann, on the other hand, irritates the group by constantly pressuring them to spend time with her. She removes Maggie's jewellery and poisons her one night. Maggie discovers scrapes and bruises on her body the next morning, as well as the loss of her earrings. Maggie, who is terrified, informs Andy that she no longer wants to go to Sue Ann's house and that she does not want him to go either. Sue Ann lies to the group about having pancreatic cancer in order to regain their trust. Haley finds she's wearing a bracelet that belongs to one of her friends. Sue Ann is suspected of stealing the girls' jewels, so the girls break into her home to investigate. Genie, Sue Ann's daughter from a broken marriage, astounds them; Maggie is taken aback by her walking, as she is accustomed to using a wheelchair at school. As Sue Ann returns home, Maggie and Haley flee. Sue Ann's high school friend Ben comes up at her place of business to drop off his pet and invites her out for drinks after work. Ben approaches Sue Ann with a monitoring device at the pub and inquires as to why his kid has been visiting her house recently. Sue Ann is warned by Ben to keep away from Andy. Sue Ann, who had a crush on Ben, was duped into performing fellatio on a boy she thought was Ben in a closet, according to a flashback. Ben had arranged for his current girlfriend Mercedes and a young Erica to be present for the attack. Sue Ann was traumatised and humiliated, and she never fully recovered. Sue Ann kills Mercedes by running her vehicle over her. She assassinates her employer, takes blood from Maggie's dog Louie, and lures Ben to her home, knocking him unconscious. Ben is nude and bound to her bed as he wakes up. Sue Ann then brings a big knife to Ben's genitalia, threatening to chop it off, but then changes her mind and covers it with a towel. Sue Ann goes on to say that Ben is similar to a dog. She cuts Ben's wrist and leaves him to bleed out and die after transfusing Louie's blood into him. Maggie informs her mother of the truth about Sue Ann, and Erica confronts Sue Ann for a brief moment. Sue Ann entices Maggie with a photo of herself and Andy taken during Chaz's birthday party in her basement. When she arrives, she discovers that everyone has departed, leaving only the original group. She attempts to persuade Andy to go, but soon discovers that everyone has been drugged. Maggie comes upon Ben's body and is drugged by Sue Ann while she attempts to obtain aid. Maggie is imprisoned in the basement when she wakes up. Sue Ann sews Haley's lips shut, irons Chaz's stomach, and paints Darrell's face white. Andy reawakens and makes an attempt to seduce Sue Ann. She stabs him with a knife for being dishonest after kissing him. As Maggie cries for help, a police officer appears and is shot by Sue Ann. Maggie is compelled by Sue Ann to collect her pals and shoot photographs. Sue Ann tries to hang Maggie, but Genie saves her, setting fire to the room. As the fire spreads, everyone else wakes up and tries to find a way out. Erica and her coworker save the youngsters since they know where Maggie will be. Sue Ann tries to toss Genie into the flames and accuses Erica of allowing the sexual assault to continue. Maggie stabs Sue Ann, rescuing Genie, and Erica expresses her remorse. As the home burns, the gang flees outdoors, while Sue Ann walks upstairs and embraces Ben's body. If you like this movie, click the link in the description below to watch it today. I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the like button and subscribe for more videos. Have a great day ahead. 