[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a horror film, the mist. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. someday in a local town of maine, the united states, the artist david takes shelter in the basement with his wife and son during a severe thunderstorm. the next morning, as the thunderstorm stops, they search out on the ground and find some trees and buildings heavily damaged. what's weird, they notice a thick mist advancing over the lake. believing that people would rush to grab their food supplies after the disaster, david decides to leave for the supermarket downtown together with his son and the neighbor, who's also worrying about the food shortage in the coming days. on their way, they sense something may go wrong as the military convoy is racing back to the military base. inside the crowded supermarket, they rush to grab the supplies and line up for the checkout. as a firefighter races through the street, an officer comes to the store and commands the three shopping soldiers to return to the military base for some emergent duty. but right at that time, a siren sounds loud drawing everybody's attention from their shopping, an old man runs into the supermarket in a panic and warns people of a danger lurking in the mist. not knowing what had happened though, people retreat inside and close off the supermarket immediately, as the mist is spreading rapidly and envelops the store. soon those left outside are screaming out loud in fear and despair. a violent earthquake occurs suddenly, but stops very soon, causing no harm to the people. though, feeling it safe outside, a mother insists on leaving for home to take care of her kids, despite all others trying to stop her for her own safety. she then disappears into the thick mist, while the remaining choose to stay inside and try to call for emergency but to no avail due to the power outage. later, david searches the store area for anything useful, but only finds a broken emergency generator. meanwhile, he's alerted by some things knocking violently against the rolling shutters from outside. however, the knocking disappears right before the store staff are called for a check, believing that something unknown and dangerous is definitely lingering outside, david tries to stop them from fixing the generator outside, but to no success, as the door is open. however, a staff is soon grabbed by a mysterious creature and dragged into the mist with its powerful tentacle, although the rest is trying hard to pull him back. right during the chaos, david chops down one part of its tentacle, causing the creature to withdraw its attack. to their shock, a tentacle tissue turns into ash and water on the ground. very soon, some people follow david to barricade the storefront windows. a religious fanatic lady, however, begins preaching about the arrival of final judgment day, when humanity is punished for their sins and people should make the sacrifice to god. the neighbor and some other skeptics, who have not seen the creatures themselves, believe that they should go out to seek help, and thus volunteer to make their journey into the mist with one man tied to a rope to test the unknown danger. but moments later, a massacre happens to the crowd outside, as they notice the rope is pulled against by some unknown forces. and only part of the bloody dead body is dragged back. everybody staying inside is frightened by those deaths, and no one would like to make a try anymore. as the night falls, enormous flying insects swarm in front of the store, while getting attracted by the lights. noticing that, david urges people to turn off the lights, but it's too late. a huge bat like creature smashes a window, allowing the insects to swarm inside and make their attack. in their joint efforts, they managed to strike, burn and shoot some flying monsters, saving most panic customers from the rampaging monsters. unfortunately, the girl is bitten on her neck by a flying locust and instantly poisoned to death. meanwhile, the religious fanatic lady is so frightened to move any further before an insect, but is miraculously spared from it, leading her to proselytize more fervently. after driving away all the creatures inside, they rush to block the doors and seal the broken windows. while the fanatic lady, by taking advantage of that miracle, claims that she's actually sent by god to save people, and thus gained some followers among the survivors, trying to save a guy badly injured during the battle. david proposes to go to the neighboring pharmacy for some medical supplies and find a safer shelter for the survivors the next morning. while the fanatic lady and her followers try to stop them, believing that it's going against god, david insists on going out for the medicine. he then leads a small group through the thick mist and makes his way to the pharmacy. but right before leaving with the medical supplies, they are terrified to find some human bodies wrapped up by the spider webs. much to their shock, the human body is actually used by creatures to lay eggs. as numerous small sized spiders pop out of a body, suddenly, the coming giant spiders attacked the group, claiming two lives of them. the rest are forced to retreat to the supermarket. the fanatic lady, who had opposed the expedition, uses this failure to increase her influence by offering protection from divine wrath to her new converts. which makes david realize that it's not safe to stay anymore with those fanatical converts, and it's urgent to find a way out. the next day, following the suicides of two soldiers from the local military base, a third soldier reveals to them a secret government project at the military base which is aimed to discover other dimensions, but ends up opening a doorway into a dimension containing the creatures invading the town. knowing the truth, the fanatic lady demands to deliver the soldier as a sacrifice. david fights hard to stop them, but to no success. the followers later expel the soldier into the mist before blocking the door, despite his begging for life hopelessly outside, causing him to be devoured immediately by a giant mantis-like creature. the next morning, david and his group prepare to leave the store, but are stopped by the fanatic lady who demands that his son be delivered as the next sacrifice. trying to stop her insanity, david and his group stand up to confront her fanatical followers, and a fierce fight between human survivors inside is around the corner. at that critical moment, however, fanatic lady is shot dead by a man who then threatens her traumatized followers into standing down, thus allowing the group to escape. while outside in the thick mist, two are entangled and devoured soon by the colossal creatures. in a panic, the remaining five take shelter in a car and leave slowly through the mist, while the people left inside are staring at their departure in despair, fear and regret as well. after a long adventure through the mist, david finds his home destroyed and his wife dead. in great sorrow, he drives away from the devastated town, passing a colossal six-legged beast and eventually running out of gas. seeing the human world is totally doomed, with no means to escape the endless mist and no hope for any rescue as well, the group decides to end their lives for their last remaining human dignity. knowing that there are only four bullets left for five survivors in the car, david shoots his son and the other three first, before leaving the car, attempting to be taken by the creatures. moments later, however, david is shocked to discover the approaching near of the us. army. rather than the creatures, the army begins to purge the creatures and restore order as the miss dissipates slowly. david sees the soldiers have also rescued those staying at the store, including the mother who left home at the very beginning to get to her kids, realizing he killed his son and the group totally for nothing. david screams in great agony. this is daniel cc movie channel peace out. 