On a train, a young girl enjoys lots of her favourite food. Strangely, she feels like something is moving in her hand. The symptoms then spread all over her face and body, making the girl terrified. As she looks at herself in the mirror, she cries out loud, seeing her face transforming. What is happening to the girl? What makes her transformed? This is Movie Shortens. Follow us to the movie titled:. Species. Be aware, there are spoilers. Now, let\xe2\x80\x99s begin!. In a secret government lab, the scientists are watching a 12-year-old girl who is held captive in a quarantine chamber. They are trying to gas her to death. Dr Xavier Fitch becomes touched and says goodbye to her. She looks terrified and confused at first. As the cyanis gas is pumped to the chamber, she realizes what is happening. Strangely, the toxic has no effects on her. The girl breaks the chamber with her bare hand and escapes from the lab. Immediately, the military is called in. The girl rapidly jumps over the fence and gets on the train, temporarily getting away from the government. On the train, the girl kills a homeless man and steals his clothes to cover her appearance. As the train stops, she learns that she needs to have cash so she can buy food. She then steals a random bag and gets back to the train. There is no money in the bag, but she finds a very interesting machine that looks like a portable TV. As being so hungry, the girl sneaks into the train dining car and takes some fruits. She eats the banana, including the peel, as she never learned manners before. After consuming so much food, the girl begins to transform. In panic, she looks at herself in the mirror and becomes frightened at her appearance. Suddenly, lots of tentacles growing from her body spread throughout the car. When the ticket inspector checks on the noise, she sees a huge jelly cocoon on the wall. Coming closer, she immediately gets killed by the creature. Shortly after that, the girl is now transformed into a fully-formed adult woman. Meanwhile, Fitch gathers a team of experts to track the girl down. They are an assassin, Preston, a psychic, Dan Smithson, an anthropologist, Dr. Stephen Arden, and a molecular biologist, Dr. Laura Baker. Fitch briefs the group about Sil. In 1974, a message was sent to any intelligent life form that may be listening in space. 20 years later, a response was received. The unknown civilizations provided scientists with information on the structure of the DNA of an alien species, and instructions on how to mix their DNA with human DNA. The scientific team succeeded in creating a hybrid, which they called Sil. As an empath, Dan tells the group that Sil didn\xe2\x80\x99t like being caged in, and she holds something enormous inside. To Fitch, Sil developed too fast by cocooning herself every three month, and had an over violent tendency while sleeping. This is why the government decided to terminate her. Fitch worries that Sil will hurt more people if she feels fear or threat to her survival. The group has to take her down against the clock before her next transformation. Back on the train, Sil is 21-year-old. over a night. Sil takes a walk in downtown LA. soon after that. On the streets, Sil encounters many pregnant women and babies. She learns that with the rapid growth process, she needs to mate with human males and produce offspring. In the search for the girl, the group of experts is always one step behind Sil. They know that Sil has turned by her cocoon left on the crime scene. Later, the team studies it to find Sil in her new appearance. In the lab, Dr Laura works on the sample of cocoon DNA. The camera goes off, so she and Preston need to change it inside the quarantine room. When the camera is replaced, Dan senses something wrong with this approach. Fitch sees the sample grows massively from the monitor. It rapidly turns into the tentacle monster and spreads throughout the room. Fitch has to fire the monster inside the room, but it doesn\xe2\x80\x99t get killed completely. In the last minute, the two can get out, and the whole room is burnt down in the nick of time. Fitch tells the group that this alien species is only destroyed as a whole by firing the entire area. Back to Sil, she arrives at the hotel and starts to dress up like a real woman. She asks the receptionist where to find a man. He then shows her the bar at the corner, while taking her credit card for payment. In the bar, Sil looks around for a good mate. Being alone in the bar, Sil soon gets flirted with by a handsome man. Another drunk woman appears and steals him from Sil. Jealous and threatened, Sil coldly kills that woman in the toilet. after that. Sil rushes out and seduces an artist man at the bar upon her plan. Meanwhile, the receptionist realizes Sil\xe2\x80\x99s credit card was a stolen one, so he called the police. Fitch and the team soon arrive at the hotel. From the hotel\xe2\x80\x99s camera, the team can hardly recognize Sil\xe2\x80\x99s face. Later, they rapidly go to the bar, but Sil has already left with the man she targeted in his car. At his house, Sil watches him very carefully. She needs to make sure the artist is a good choice for her offspring. As the two are about to have fun, Sil strangely requires the artist to drive her back to the bar, saying she\xe2\x80\x99s changed her mind. The artist feels offended by her denial, so he turns violent to Sil. The artist ends up being killed tragically. Later, Fitch\xe2\x80\x99s team lose tracking of Sil again, as they only find the body of the artist left. Laura realizes that the artist was not an option because he is a drug addict and diabete. Sil can sense it easily as a half alien, half human creature. The group then gets back to the hotel. as Dan thinks she appears there. Seeing the cops at the hotel, Sil decides to change her location. Driving around in the artist car, Sil encounters petrol running out. She abandons the car and walks on her foot instead. As crossing the road, Sil is hit by a car and becomes blackout. A man in a red car calls the ambulance. He then follows her to the hospital. Although he doesn\xe2\x80\x99t know Sil, he generously pays up her treatment. Meanwhile, the doctor is shocked to see Sil\xe2\x80\x99s wound can be healed by itself. Sil rapidly leaves the hospital with the man who saved her. At the abandoned car, Fitch receives a call from the hospital about Sil. The team learns that Sil has targeted the man as her next potential mate. Laura and Preston immediately drive off to save the man. At the man\xe2\x80\x99s house, Sil knows that she has not much time left. The man reluctantly enjoys a good time in the pool. Shortly after that, there is a doorbell ring from Laura and Preston. The man insists on going out and checks for the guests, but Sil tries to stop him. Sil tells the man that she wants a baby. The man gets out of the pool, telling Sil a crazy woman. Sil then drowns him to death. When the two experts enter the house, they find a bloody pool and a miserable body. Once again, the team loses the monster\xe2\x80\x99s track. Elsewhere, Sil steals clothes and a car from a woman. She then drives at the cops and watches them investigate her. She even lipsync Fitch\xe2\x80\x99s words by her telepathy ability. Later, at the woman\xe2\x80\x99s house, Sil comes up with a plan to get rid of the cops. First, Sil cuts off her thumb and exchanges it with the woman\xe2\x80\x99s. She buys gallons of petrol and stores them in the car. Then Sil means to meet Dan in person outside the bar. While Dan calls in the team, Sil flees away in the car with the woman that she tied up before. A tense chase between Sil and the cops eventually happens, and it\xe2\x80\x99s exactly like Sil predicted. She fakes the woman\xe2\x80\x99s death by crashing the car down the hill on purpose. As the car and the woman explode, Sil manages to get out in time and escape from the police. Fitch congratulates the team for the mission completed. They celebrate the win at the bar. During this time, Sil changes her hair style and continues her plan. Her next potential mate is Preston, who is on his way to see his secret girlfriend. While working together, Laura and Preston developed a relationship. Sil watches the two of them having fun from the other room. It turns out Sil is in Stephen\xe2\x80\x99s room. Surprised, Sil changes her target to Stephen as he enters the room. Sil rushes to have Stephen\xe2\x80\x99s attention, and the two have fun. right after that. In the hotel, Dan can sense Sil\xe2\x80\x99s availability, and he comes to meet Preston. Dan and Preston rapidly alert other members about this. Meanwhile, after Stephen and Sil enjoy the passionate moment, Sil becomes joyful, telling him that she can feel the baby inside her. Stephen considers her childish and laughs at her innocence. When Stephen looks at Sil\xe2\x80\x99s belly and realizes something, she transforms and kills the man. The team arrives at Stephen\xe2\x80\x99s room, but it\xe2\x80\x99s too late. Sil has escaped from the sewers. The team gets armed and follows Dan\xe2\x80\x99s senses to find Sil. As they divide to look for Sil, Fitch gets killed. Sil is now transformed into her real monster mother. She gives birth to her offspring right in the sewers. When Dan reaches a cave, he sees a baby boy. The boy uses his tentacle to kill a rat for his food. However, Dan can\xe2\x80\x99t kill the baby, as he thinks it is better to capture him alive. The boy attacks Dan, but luckily, he is fine. The boy then transforms into a monster. Dan fires and destroys him with his weapon. Dan hangs himself on a cliff. In another sewer, Sil turns more violent, knowing that her child is killed. Preston opens fire at Sil until the monster falls off the fire. As Laura and Preston attempt to save Dan, Sil manages to catch Dan in the fire. Preston uses his very last bullet and shoots the monster in the head, eventually getting rid of her. The trio leave the sewer with their mission truly completed. Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this, and don\xe2\x80\x99t forget to turn on your notification. That really helps my channel. Thanks for watching!. 