the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist. welcome back to popcorn time movie digest. today i will show you a mystery thriller film from 1995 titled the usual suspects. spoilers alert. watch out and take care. the film started with the interrogation of roger verbal ken, a small time con man who is one of only two survivors of a massacre and fire on a ship docked at the port of los angeles. through flashback and narration, kane tells an interrogator a convoluted story of events that led him and his criminal companions to the boat, and of a mysterious crime lord known as kaiser soze who controlled them. on the deck of a boat in san pedro, california, a mysterious figure talks with an injured man called keaton. the two talk briefly, then kaiser seems to shoot keaton before setting the boat on fire. the next day, fbi agent jack baer and u.s customs special agent dave quijan arrived in san pedro separately to investigate what happened on the boat. the police recovered 27 bodies and only two survivors, arkish, a hungarian mobster hospitalized with severe burns, and roger verbal kit, a con artist with cerebral palsy, bear, interrogates the hungarian, who claims that kaiser soze, a turkish criminal mastermind with a nearly mythical reputation, was in the harbour, killing many men. the hungarian begins to describe soze while a translator interprets and a police sketch artist draws a rendering of jose's face. agent dave kuyan flies to los angeles from new york city to interrogate verbal. the men are left alone in a borrowed office belonging to lapd police sergeant jeffrey bean. kuyan puts his hand on the transcript of verbal's confession. rabine walks in with a cup of coffee. verbal takes it with his good hand and sips it with relish. granted complete immunity, verbal has no restraints and no reason to help them, but he likes to talk, and begins to fill in the gaps that he left in his original statement. verbal started by telling agent kuyan about a barbershop quartet in skokie, illinois. when suddenly, agent kuyan grabs verbal shirt and yanks him half out of his seat as kuyan interrogates him. we see verbal story unfold that started six weeks earlier in new york city, when an armored truck containing spare gun parts is hijacked in queens. the driver of the stolen truck was grabbed from behind and never saw the person or persons who accosted him, but the unknown hijacker spoke to him. subsequently, the nypd round up five different criminals. dean keaton is a corrupt former police officer who has given up his life of crime and is arrested while eating dinner at a fancy restaurant. michael mcmanus is a crack shot with a temper and a wild streak, arrested in the middle of the night in his bed. fred fenster is mcmanus hispanic partner who speaks in mangled english and is nabbed on a street corner. todd hockney is a car mechanic and part-time hijacker who forms an instant rivalry with mcmanus and is picked up while working on a car in his garage and verbal himself. the five men are brought together for a lineup and are told to say the phrase, give me the keys, uffing coke, sucker. they all managed to butcher the phrase. later, while sitting in a holding cell and believing they were being unfairly harassed by the police, mcmanus convinces the others to join forces to commit a robbery targeting new york's finest taxi service, a group of corrupt nypd police officers who escort smugglers to their destinations around the city. the group is eventually released after the lineup, but they decide to get their revenge against the nypd. keaton stops at the top of the front steps of the police station and lights a cigarette. edie comes out behind him fuming mad. he looks across the street and sees fenster and mcmanus talking by a newsstand. keaton looks to his right and sees hockney trying to hail a cab. just then verbal bumps into him on his way out the door. he excuses himself and hobbles down the steps. led by keaton, they robbed a jewel smuggler being escorted by corrupt cops, netting millions and emeralds and getting over 50 cops arrested with their loot, they fly to california to sell the jewels to mcmanus's fence redfoot. redfoot talks them into another job, robbing a purported jewel smuggler named sol base. he takes the jewel and they keep the cash. sounds simple, but this time they end up killing the guy they're robbing, along with his two guards. and apparently they were hired to steal drugs, not jewels. an angry confrontation between the thieves and redfoot reveals that the job came from a lawyer named kobayashi. outside rabin's office, bear tells agent kuyan that they recovered 91 million, but there was no dope. agent kuyan asked what was the money for, but bear didn't know. bear asked if the [ __ ] mentioned kaiser. soze, confused about what bear said, agent kuyan bursts open the door and asked verbal, who is kaiser? soze, verbal looks up in shock. he drops his cigarette and trembles at the mere mention of the name. then verbal continues his story. the five criminals meet kobayashi, who says he arranged for their arrests in new york, and that his employer, kaiser soze, a mysterious turkish crime lord from whom each of the men has unwittingly stolen, has ordered them to raid a shipman by argentinian drug dealers and destroy 91 million dollars worth of cocaine being sold on board. their reward will be the cash brought for the exchange, as well as for settling their debt to soze. kobayashi forces them to go along with a plan to steal drugs for kaiser soze, threatening to kill their family members if they don't. kobayashi leaves a briefcase containing all information about them. they accept the deal because that's just the kind of deal you have to accept. verbal kent then tells agent kuyano legend about kaiser soze as he heard it, kaiser soze was a small time drug runner. he is supposed to be turkish. some say his father was german. nobody believed he was real. nobody ever saw him or knew anybody that ever worked directly for him. but to hear kobayashi tell it, anybody could have worked for soze. that was his power. the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist. verbal tells the story of soze from his days in turkey. soze family is being harassed by a rival hungarian gang. in turkey. they realized that to be in power, you didn't need guns or money or even numbers. you just needed the will to do what the other guy wouldn't. after a while, they come to power, and then they come after jose. they come to his home looking for his business. they find his wife and kids in the house and decide to wait for jose. he comes home to his wife raped and his children screaming. the hungarians knew soze was tough, so they let him know they meant business. jose looks over the faces of his family, then he showed these man of well what will really was. jose pulls out a pistol and shoots the two men with guns. he kills his wife and children one by one, in front of the hungarian. he tells him he would rather see his family dead than live another day. after this, he lets the last hungarian go, and he goes running. so save and massacre the mobsters and their families before disappearing. and from then on, conducted business only indirectly through underlings who are mostly unfamiliar with their true employer. so say thus became a fearsome urban myth, a spook story that criminals tell their kids at night. verbal kent continues to tell his version of what happened. then his flashback resumes, revealing fensters is tracked and killed by kobayashi when he was trying to run away. the remaining four thieves kidnapped kobayashi, believing jose to be a cover for his activities, and tending to kill him, but kobayashi threatened to kill their loved ones. kobayashi reveals that lawyer edie finneran keaton's girlfriend is in his office on the night of the cocaine deal. keaton tells verbal to stay back and to take the money to edie if the plan goes awry. verbal reluctantly agrees to do so. he watches the boat from a distance in hiding. men attacked the ship during the night, killing several argentinian and hungarian gangsters. hockney is killed by an unseen assailant as keaton and mcmanus discover separately that there is no coke on the boat. meanwhile, the remaining hungarians are being picked off by the unseen killer, including the closely guarded hispanic passenger. suddenly, mcmanus showed up, feeling dizzy, revealing a knife at the back of his neck. keaton turns away to leave, when someone shot in the back. a figure in a dark coat appears, presumably kaiser soze, and lights a cigarette with a gold lighter. he appears to speak briefly with keaton before shooting him. he then set the ship ablaze and leaves with verbal story finished. kuyan deduces that the mysterious kaiser soze is really keaton, as the prisoner killed on the ship was arturo marquez, a smuggler who escaped prosecution by claiming he could identify soze. the boat hijacking was not about cocaine, but rather to ensure that arturo marquez, who could positively identify jose, is killed. marquez was being represented by a lawyer named eddie finneran keaton's girlfriend, and who has also been recently murdered. cou on deduces that the argentinians took marquez to sell him to jose's hungarian rivals. keaton used the guys to kill the rat who could identify him as soze. verbal breaks down crying and admits that the whole affair from the beginning was keaton's idea. he but refuses to testify in court. his bail having been posted, verbal departs with his immunity. verbal retrieves his personal belongings from the property officer, which contains cigarettes, a golden lighter and a watch. moments later, kuyan looks at the bulletin board in the office he borrowed for the interrogation and realizes every single thing verbal told him was a lie. kuyan realizes that verbal fabricated his entire story by piecing together details from random items in rabine's cluttered office. redfoot is the name on a wanted poster, for example. and kobayashi is written on the bottom of a coffee cup that verbal handled earlier. kuyan, who had belittled verbal and mocked his intelligence at every opportunity, has been played. as kuyan pursues verbal, a fax arrives with the police artist's impression of kaiser soze's face, which resembles verbal ken. meanwhile, we see verbal walking down the street, gradually losing his limp and flexing his supposedly palsy hand, he steps into a waiting car driven by mr kobayashi, departing just as kuyan comes outside. make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. thanks for watching. 