listen, you ever go to a theater as a full-grown person and the mom sitting in front of you turns around, really wanted a squire at a kid's movie without a kid, and asks, excuse me, but uh, is this frozen? and while what you really want to say is, no, ma'am, this is a theatre, you just nod your head as our kid annoys her throughout the entire feature. but you see, whether you've had a child in the last six years or not, so many people have had their Spotify frozen on let it go. it broke records. it won the Oscar. parents I knew who were adamantly against Disney had tickets to go see frozen on ice. this movie caused an Elsa gate that almost ruined YouTube. and right when you thought they were about to let it go, it's back again. let me explain. so I do want to break down my thoughts for both, so in case you haven't seen them, obvious spoiler warning, obviously. but I want to start with the origins of frozen. [Music]. when it comes to the first I actually think it's a very cute story, because it took that tire trope of true love's kiss, and made it a story about the bond between two sisters and how their sibling love for each other breaks that curse. and that sibling story was massive. like I had Brother Bear growing up, but all of the sister movies were on Disney Channel, merrily in theatres. so it's no wonder this one caused an avalanche. it's inspired by a fairy tale from Hans Christian Andersen titled The Snow Queen, which came out in the 1800s. and it wasn't until 2013 that it saw the screen. because they could finally animate down to their fingertips. this could represent your camera exactly. and then we could be standing within the forest that you have built on a computer at CGI forest. and then you can go round the forest with the camera, just like you can with a real-life camera. we can do it digitally. so what we're gonna do now is gonna give you a little bit of a head-on collision. oh yeah, he's coming straight past the camera now. yes. see if you can follow him as they pass you with the camera. they then got the director of Tarzan and Surf's Up to helm. this one the Lopezes, which I know, unless you thought also was a prema when I searched her up. but obviously, the Lopezes, they're just oozing with musical talents. and then Jennifer Lee, who previously fixed up wreckit-ralph joint to help on the script for frozen. Jen Lee who wrote the movie and co-directed it. she journaled as the characters four months before she found this story. she would sit down as a writer. part of her process as she would journal as Elsa, what's Elsa doing today? what's on her mind? you know that I didn't ice. it's phenomenal, what Sanne doing today, what's on her mind, to try to figure out a story that had value and substance, that wasn't just episode two. Jennifer Lee would then go on to become co-director and then replace a dude named John Lasseter, who, you know, was just the chief creative officer at Walt Disney animated Studios. but when you listen to the different drafts that they had for the story, how learn from Elsa being a villain to a hero, from every Disney movie not starting as a musical. and then I'm realizing, where Disney it should be a musical. but it was a creative space between the cast and the filmmakers that sparked the magic that is the movie. the character of Anna was in just seemingly much more standard of a Disney princess. and she, in my mind, was a little more finicky and a little more uptight. and I read it, and I was caught in this place of being very grateful for having this job, and also knowing that I should say what my instincts were. and thankfully, Chris buck and Jen Lee were so collaborative. I said, listen, I really want to play me. I want to play who I needed to see when I was a little girl. I want someone who's goofy and who's weird and doesn't fit a mold, and who leads with her heart, and who has a ton of naivete and a little bit of smarts, but she hides it because she doesn't know how to use it, and just fiercely believes in everyone around her and in goodness and in kindness, and stumbles over her words. and we found that in the first script really well. because Jen would write a scene and then let us sort of improv throughout it and say, what do you think Anna would and I'd go, oh, I think she would. and she just said, go and we that's where the whole waitwhat came because I say that Allah is is awkward, not you're awkward, but just because we're I'm awkward. you're gorgeous. wait, what? she's who I want it she soo I saw myself being when I was 10 years old, and probably who I've become, because I triple out as well. and that would be the basis of this sisterly story of fire and ice until all. so finally, chill. obviously, with the success the first one, you knew they were going to get a sequel, but they also amped up their foreign markets, maybe a little too well. they got Priyanka Chopra Jonas to voice the Hindi version of Elsa. they got the girl who played an eye on Broadway voicing young Elsa in the sequel. and they even Elizabeth Warren Elsa. at this point, Elsa's Queen, but she keeps hearing voices that she can't let go. Anna, who really should be running the kingdom as to babysit. Kristoff, who continues to speak moose to his reindeer. and Olaf is officially a psychopath. they actually went to meet with a psychologist and had a bunch of questions from the perspective of Anna, Elsa, Kristoff and Olaf that they like, basically asked these questions. what they learned about Olaf was that he's psychotic, like literally, like. the questionnaire came back that that characters a psychopath. also decides to follow that usher hum that keeps her up at night, and it leads them to this enchanted forest where they discovered two tribes that have been frozen in time. but it simply decades ago, their grandpa decided to make a treaty with the indigenous people up north, known as a North ultra, who he decides to treat as wowing since he fears the mystical powers they have up there within their forests, not realizing that his fear is the true weapon hurting arendelle. in other words, grandpa was worried about magic when he was alone pulling tricks. he builds a dam, which disrupts the environmental nature of their enchanted forest. he causes a war, gets himself killed, traps the remaining tribes in a time bubble. but I his son finally got a girl, Elsa, finds out through her detective mode that her mother, when she was younger, actually saved her father during that war. and so the spirits gift her mom by having her go from a co-director, voicing her in the first to finally getting a name and a voice in the second. just getting the the gift was actually a power given to her firstborn, which, you know, didn't ruin her childhood at all, obviously. since their parents died in the first they didn't know that their mother was a native Billy, neither did anyone else in the first so they else is now PLC. since the two tribes have been trapped in the enchanted forest Olaf, no lie decides to give them the LME you began with two sisters, button pouring with magical powers, one born powerless. well, at least they have their parents. their parents are dead, my cousins. now, I love sterling K Brown as the lieutenant the North audre in general. brings up interesting themes, even if they reminded me of the other some people from tangled. and considering that the director also helped on Pocahontas, I knew I wasn't trippin like Anna when it came to the colors the wind held a story a little bit. in order for Elsa to reverse her ancestors wrongs, she has to interact with each of the four air but elements, thinking that there's a fifth element as well. there's Bruni, the fire one that reminded me of spiral. and Pascal, from tangled the Earth's Giants, from Noah, that represented our earth Gale, the gust of wind that eventually becomes their ups blowing letters from one kingdom to another. and nook, who was the water spirit horse, who's gonna make for a very interesting funkopop [Music]. obviously, with it being frozen, I kind of got to talk about the music. and these three would have been the ones that stood out to me in the sequel. I personally think the character of Christoph is a complete and utter goof like, listen this man at the end of the first one, after seeing how grueling of an experience it was to transport ice in the past, his maid, arendelle's designated ice cube delivery driver by the Queen, who's literal power is to freeze things. Queens orders, she's named you the official arendelle ice master and deliverer. what? that's not a thing. oh, sure it is. he gets this air-supply type song with the reindeer that could have fit in these ants monster ballads. know that every mom who still has that REO Speedwagon shirt in their closets gonna be bumping this one during the holidays. into the unknown is the new let it go. and I'm just gonna let the creatives who made it explain it. into the unknown is more interesting because there's been a voice calling her, and she's been resisting it because change is hard, change is scary. but there's a voice that only she can hear. and hopefully that voice resonates with anyone who feels like they haven't found their purpose, but their purpose is calling them. does it have higher notes than let it go? it doesn't. it doesn't. it's this is the note. it's a flat, and it's the same as the Heine for let it go. at the the voice sings higher notes, the little, the soprano voice that she's chasing. but it's the same notes, but it's, it feels higher. because what we're doing with music is into the unknown is an octave. that's your safe boundary. into the unknown is sticking your toes over the boundary and then into the unknown. that's basically just jumping out into the enchanted forest, into the place of growth and transformation. genius. Oh, laughs, I'm fine. song is like I him in the dark. I'm not saying that he's this generations donkey, but dad has been getting away with some lines. and for me, the joy of Olaf is I get to play so much in the booth. so in the first film, I remember doing this thing in the booth where I said, oh, look, I've been impaled as a joke. and then the next thing I knew, I watched the movie, and they spent millions of dollars animating that and having Olaf impaled. oh, look at that. I've been impaled. and so I just literally started improvising all of these insane things, daring them to put them in the movie. and they put them in the movie. what's one thing we can look for that you improvised? Samantha. but sadly, Olaf dies. the water has memory, so I guess he's AI also continues to follow that fifth element. she's hearing she dies too. but, you know, then she doesn't. and with the help of Anna, the true leader of arendelle, they break the dam, everyone comes back. also walks on ice like his breath of the wild to flex this massive tide without even an inch of water rising beyond the surface, and saves the day, realizing that she was the fifth element she was looking for all along. good you ain't no lilo. overall, it's not better than the first, in my opinion, but it still a cute move. it's got cute songs, and it teaches us the lesson that no matter what, at the end of the day, tangled is still better. thank you guys for checking out this video. and I'm curious to know your thoughts down below in the comment section. maybe you liked this movie as much as dak Shepherd does. you're promoting frozen to as your your wife is in it, and I'm your own half of everything. but I'm curious to know your thoughts, especially if you saw it on Thanksgiving weekend, because it definitely is geared around Thanksgiving, like they play family games. and a lot of the stuff that's happening within the movie, they even pulled avatar an avatar move, because now they know, don't release your movie on Thanksgiving. release it the week before Thanksgiving, and then you start making bank. you know, they outsold Toy Story, Incredibles, pretty much all of Disney's animations, including the new Lion King. and it's massive. you know, I do like the cast. if you haven't seen in any of their interviews, definitely go check them out, especially this video right here where they were head banging to let it go at a gay bar. I would also say the Broadway musical. I don't know where it's playing specifically, but I do think that the behind the scenes that they do for the reindeer is super intriguing. but if I were to add one more piece of, I don't know, one more piece of the franchise, I would say, you know what, give them a video game, but make it on the parents adventure when they were younger, when they were at sea. I would, I would want to play that one over. I don't know, Olaf avalanching himself down. I'm Kirsten. are your thoughts down below in the comment section. let me know your favorite Disney movie of this year. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and you'll help find Samantha 