Liss the lodge is a horror film, the weak hot back at Sundance in 2019. but now that it's out, and since it's a neon movie, you know, they have that Hulu plug that lets you stream it at home, which is the best place to be for it, considering it has one of the most depressing endings of 2020. let me explain. so I've been following these directors for a while now. in fact, they were one of the early explained videos I did, way back before men's health started doing this genre. and good night mommy was actually the Austrian entry for Best Foreign Language Film at the 88th Oscars, just didn't get nominated. we got like hundreds of scripts, most of them about twins. they're like, they just love evil kids. this would mark their first english-language film. they even got yer goes go to cinematographer females, who absolutely killed it with the movie. she only get in thirty five-millimeter. they were able to shoot on location and the cold. but these two are different, different. I sat down with them and then asked, and then I they hired me. and then after they hired me, they were like, oh, we really liked you because you had nothing prepared. really. their whole style is the polar opposite to American filmmaking. in Europe, you would never pitch as a director. you would never do a pitch for a film. it's just not how the system works in Europe. then we found out, okay, they sent it not only to us, to ten other directors, and you have basically to pitch yourself. and we are not, we are not good. we try to convince producers that were not the right people for the job. they're very good at that actually. in fact, one of them used to babysit for the other when he was 14, and got paid in VHS tapes. yeah, actually, it makes no sense. so, knowing that about the directors, full spoilers for the lodge, pretty much the movie revolves around this family who's slowly falling apart. the dad wants to finalize a divorce. we can move on to the younger version of his wife, with the kids absolutely hate like the daughter even has a dog dressed up like the mom, you're lucky that I can go right back in whiskey for you. and it doesn't Christmas is right around the corner. and considering all the crosses in the mom's house. they're clearly very religious, and yet, for whatever reason, the father decides that it's a good idea to leave his kids with his wife-to-be after the brutal suicide of their mother in a lodge in the middle of nowhere. it's all her fault. what's her fault? I've heard the production talk about this being like a European versus American difference about how you leave it not. this girl survived being in a call like he was researching her and then got with her like that. ain't a cultured thing. that's what mr. J thing. it's a horror story, but it's also about, um, a woman who's gone through a lot of trauma. grace may have been found, but she forgets her place once they reach the lodge. because, look, nobody wants to hear their future stepmom give them a talk, cuz you're not there to replace their mom. I just want you to know that I am here if you want to talk to me about anything. why would I talk to you? I think the film we made, or we wanted to make, isn't this case. it's about, there is no one who is kind of a bad guy. actually, they are all kind of victims in their own way, all the things a large is about, many times people don't watch it unless it's packaged as a horror or a thriller, you know. and then they want to watch these dark topics. that's the main reason I think it's compared a lot to hereditary. a lot of it would be the timing of it. but you do have a family grieving the loss of a loved one, with their faith being their anchor, contrasted with a woman recovering from that faith that blinded her. but look, I don't care what you talk about people being innocent and whatnot, this was premeditated. I was just pretending. if this whole movie were a YouTube video, it would have been flagged immediately. like, I get grieving, but pushing your stepmom to believe that she's in purgatory after stealing her pills, and knowing her history, like these kids made McCauley go. these kids were planning things with that dollhouse. early on. he took candles cuz he knew the lights would be out. he was messing with time, stealing dogs that would eventually die, literally gas lighting. he can already edit videos, so a picture wasn't gonna be a problem. like, I don't know what courts they have in Austria, but pulling a Cosby don't fly here. I don't have boundaries. look, I've not trusted this kid since Booker Henry, and now they got kept defending him. was it freezing? they're very they wanted me to jump in ice pool, in the hole in the ice, and everyone in the world told them that that's not gonna happen. it was completely safe. but, yeah, I probably bad for Riley, because the directors tried to keep us separate as much as possible. so we would do fun things like go rock climbing and ice skating. I would just see it on Instagram. if it was like, after lunch or something, and I wasn't like really cold, they would make me go sit lay in the snow in the woods. and they wanted to turn off the heating in the lodge and make it really close. and they were actually cold, but they weren't allowed. that's the thing with filmmakers, they want it to be real. I mean, yeah. and then they would be like, keep rolling. and then they'd go inside and set up the shot. so in order to roll, they had her roll in the snow. it's crazy, but you know, it's effective. Kubrick did that back in the day by scarring one of his actresses, and no one gives them crap for that. they consider him a legend. and these two plate are really closely Jayden's Aidan Lea is Mia Richards. Richard, I'm surprised Riley wasn't Miley. but they did, in fact, actually cast Riley keels real father to play the cult leader, cuz he just so happened to grow up in a cult-like background. so surprisingly, the kids were more prepared than we thought. lose your luggage on the way to a film festival, or catch a cold at a film festival, luggage, catch a cold. I'm with you. goats are cool, and that's why Riley survived. now, the theming and interpretation of the ending vary depending on who you ask. that includes the directors. while the ending we get has Riley off of her medication, fully believing the prank and accepting that she's in purgatory, obviously killing them all, cos it was really no take-backsies once you get there. they did have an original ending, which actually ended on the twist. but these two of course, wanted to see what grim things would happen afterwards, cuz why not? even then, it does seem like they changed their other original ending while filming that actually reflected the dollhouse from the beginning. it starts with the dollhouse, and the whole film should have ended with the camera, like, flying out of the house and looking like like tall actors, and the house, again, like a dollhouse, which conceptually made total sense to us. but still, like for the camera to pull back and go out of the house. it takes a long time, in a way, and it felt too big, like the gesture in the way. I personally prefer that one. why change it when that's already something that you've established at the beginning? is, to me, I think it would have made the story come full circle. I think it keeps people guessing on what's real or not, and who's really pulling the strings. and it keeps the audience in a predatory state of not-knowing order for that's it. not I'm living the dead, are you? thank you guys for checking out this video. I'm Kirsten. are your thoughts down below in the comments section? like I said, I really love the production behind the movie in the camerawork. you know, it's always interesting to see foreign filmmakers make the american jump. but i love how these two just don't get, like, i kind of respect how much they're being their own thing. yeah, it's a different approach than what american producers obviously want to see him. they've talked about, as you can see here. i still doesn't mean it's gonna be everyone's cup of tea. i myself prefer good night mommy over this one. but, you know, even then, others may not. but I do wish, you know, I'm not sure if it was, like, because I didn't want a copy hereditary, considering the timing of it, or because of budget reasons, like they talked about, but I really wish they got that ending that they were talking about, cuz I don't know, I feel like it would have made the movie better. like, you know, I catch a red eatery now, and it was like, I'm a fifth time where I noticed in hereditary that the glimmer from any magnifying glass was the thing that's following him throughout, you know, like that's what makes a movie. a fun fact about this one, though, they didn't allow Jack Frost clips with Michael Keaton's voice, like they wanted Jack Frost in the movie, but Michael Keene has a clause about, like, not using his voice specifically for that movie. I have absolutely no idea. that was a crazy thing to note right there. but I'm curious to know you guys thoughts, any interpretations that you have. you, I don't know, ever gone through something like this, what advice you would give? let me know your thoughts, interpretations, themes, all that stuff, any other recommendations you have. until next time, don't forget to comment, like and subscribe. 