hi. so I'm sure most of you watching this have already seen the movie. and for those of you who haven't, you probably don't care, or we're snapped into another dimension. so like the title says, big spoilers. I break down everything, every emotion, every tear of this movie that I would give a complete combo price too, even if I'm not super convinced with that ending. let me explain. so this thing is part one, right? this is something that they announced way back in the day before they changed it for some reason, because I guess they want to have a specific, secret sequel title. but it definitely is the prequel to the actual war. it's the battle plans. it's the appetizer, if you will. now that ain't really a bad thing, because in this movie, right in the beginning, Thanos pulls up on Thor's ship like a bloody [ __ ] on dudes work in the purple suit. and even though he's a dick boy, he moves quick literally kills everyone on that ship. so that quote that they gave us a last Thor movie, about as guarding a place at the people for all they're all dead now. and of course, Daniels would take out the black dude first our IP address. he then freaking kills Loki puny gods Hulk before he sent out on that rainbow road back to earth. and then he treats Thor's head like the monsters treated Michael Jordan's in Space Jam, just so he can add a rock to his yugioh glove collection. how does he though? why is why is this thing in a cube when really just looks like a small, glow-in-the-dark, foody pebble. back on earth, these guys then have to face Stannis's adopted white Walker of a son who wants Strange's infinity stone. and since Bruce randomly suffers from erectile Hawk's function and can't get it up, they didn't have cover [ __ ] and take him into space. now, Iron Man and Peter both got to make it on the ship. and even though some have complained about spider-man's new suit, I think it looks dope. it's a spacesuit, so it makes sense, even though y'all admit he looks like Doc Ock and I think from a wild, wild west. Peter keeps doing that thing where he drops hold movie references and they space vacuum Squidward out of the ship, just like in aliens. and they eventually meet up with the guardians of the galaxy, some of the guardians of the galaxy. before this, they had actually met up with Thor. we got a lot of characters. and chris pratt's since he's been putting a lot away as decided to instead write in more jokes about him getting fat instead of renewing his lifetime membership. and while they again, also split, we learn when we're with them that Gamora is the only person who knows where the final infinity stone is. and she gets dragged there by Thanos, who tecnique our daddy. but he don't care when he's asked to sacrifice the one thing you love the most in order to get this stone. and the Duke Sparta kicks Fiona in space in order to collect NX Dragon Ball panels, and faces these guys on his home planet. that's all dust. now he'll, oh, Wayne's them as he picks up the moon and drops it on their heads. and before killing Tony, right as he's about to, dr. strange is like, yo, yo, yo, chill. take this stone. everything's all good. also, I read the script. and there's that one time line that I saw where we all live, and this is kind of what we got to do in order to win. Thanos takes it and then heads to earth, where vision and Wanda have been trying to figure out how to have a baby without it getting a computer virus. when a gang of Magic, the Gathering elves, attacks them for the rupee on his forehead. now you would think that Ultron, as we saw in the second Avengers, being the powerful person being thing that he is, he would be able to take these goons down. but now, however, Captain America shows up looking hot as hell, dudes, rocking that beard that would make your mother drop out of high school so she can tour with him in his band. these guys, then I'll reunite rody can walk again. and they head to Wakanda in order to get the stone out of vision's head. when Thanos his kids pull up with these xenomorph looking things, acting like the zombies and World War Z trying to get in what kind of been open for two months. and this is what happens. movie then turns into World of Warcraft. this shot never happens in the movie. so they start getting their an assembled, rumbled and tumbled, and it seems like all hope is gone and everything is just gonna go to dust. but wait, there's Thor. Thor, in the meantime, has been chilling with Tyrion the Giants, who up in space has some Valyrian steel, and he creates a new hammer for him after Groot Skywalker's his arm. and he comes in like wreckit-ralph to save the day, proving that he's not only the strongest, the funniest looking, but the fiercest Avenger out there, and clearly the best one, until the Dano shows up. now, I made a whole ending explain video to this, so I'll keep it brief since you can click on that one right there for all the theories. but Wanda, if you could've disintegrated vision stone, but you were having trouble with that, why not just focus on the stones that were on Thanos his hand? I'm gonna do is wearing a glove for crying out loud. someone just dance and distract them. have somebody else come from behind and tickle his purple bot hold and swipe that glove right off. I mean, adding fitted, it's pretty big. he Oh, J hands. but instead, Thanos is able to collect all of them. and since he believes in the Holocaust, he decides to snap his fingers like t-pain. and the whole theater was in pain. heroes start disintegrating like KOCO. movie turns into season four of the leftovers, as half the people start getting raptured off this earth. and I get it, y'all decided to take all of the heroes that we didn't think we're going to die because we thought they had sequels, and you left the og Avengers, who we thought would bite it. you then ended on Thanos chillin on taffy T and then cut to black boy. now, like I said, I know everything's going to be okay. this is just part one, and I have that video, like I said, where I discuss everything that I'm pretty sure is going to happen. and everything's gonna be okay, so don't cry. but the more I think about it, if these are Earth's Mightiest Heroes, if Thanos is looking like a purple devil, if prophecies are being fulfilled and people are being raptured, does that mean that Jesus is coming back? is Jesus gonna be the hero who kills Thanos is if interest for our pure flix film. thank you guys for checking out this video. as always, definitely let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section, what your favorite scene in the movie was, if it lived up to your expectations, all that stuff. I definitely loved it. that was a crazy ride. a bunch of emotions. but that ending, I mean, they even ended on the logo. they ended it at a freaking time. do you Roman font like it's a freaking Shakespearean play? I don't know. let me know your thoughts down below in the comment section, what you want me to cover next. don't forget to comment, like and subscribe, and I'll send you a red skull 