hello everyone. this is mk. today we watch gaza. in 1999, ichiro sarizawa and his assistant, vivian, discovered a cave in philippine cracked open due to earthquake. going further into the cave, it looks some enormous thing has crawled from the cave and torn a wound across the landscape as it headed toward the sea. same time in japan, janjara nuclear power plant, joe brody, the chief engineer, experiencing a major incident. most people thought it's the after wave of the philippine earthquake, but joe brody, reading the chart, knows it's something else. this result in his wife locked down in air seal tunnel and died in front of him. their son, ford brody, is 10 at different location that time, unharmed. in the present day, an adult lieutenant, ford brody is returning home from military received call that his estranged father, joe brody, has been arrested in japan for trespassing and is being held by the police. ford leaves to meet his father in tokyo. ford is obviously disappointed at having to bail out his dad. joe's small apartment looks like a conspiracy, theorist's paradise out of pity. ford suggests that his dad come home with him. joe, however, is adamant about continuing his investigation. he needs to know what happened that day. the guilty of having wife died in front of him haunted him ever since the incident. janjura nuclear power plant is a quarantine zone. transpass is prohibited. thus why joe thrown in jail when he tried to investigate. begrudgingly, ford decides to help his dad. they head back to the old neighborhood to gather the stuff from old days. but once there, captured and hold custody by the enforcement and put into interrogation room located at the nearby the janjura nuclear power plant, old control room. joe demonstrates his knowledge in the incident, demands to know the truth on what happened that day. outside the control room, in the open ground, we can see there is gigantic eggshell looking thing send out emp pulses are knocking out their electronics. just like the incident in 1999. a massive, multi-legged creature cracks out of the shell and pounds its clawed leg on the ground. in this chaos. ford put on a gas mask and looks up just in time to see the creature unfurl giant wings and fly off. joe fell from height died from the injury. the next day, captain hampton informed sarizawa that the u.s military is taking over, but need his assistant in his expertise. sarizawa asking ford if he knows anything about his father's research about incident. he thinks the information 1999 can be helpful in understanding the creature. sarizawa clues into this, brings ford into a briefing room and explains to ford that the recently hatched mudo stands for massive unidentified terrestrial organism, may be trying to communicate with another giant monster that was found roaming the pacific long, long time ago. sarizawa explains that the nuclear tests from 1954 weren't tests. they were attempts to kill this creature. this creature had been named gaza. and sarizawa is convinced he is returning. since ford doesn't have much to offer, as he doesn't know his father much, he's put on a helicopter headed to hawaii for a flight back home the navy confirms the muto is also in hawaii and is currently consumed the nuclear from russian sub the fleet is tracking gaza, which are heading in the same direction. sarizawa posits that gaza is tracking the muto and wants to fight it to restore balance to nature. in honolulu, ford is at the airport waiting for the train to his terminal sea water seems to be receding from the shore at a rapid pace. very quickly, gaza is moving out of water, squares off against the mudo. but muto manages to escape, flapping its giant wings and continuing its journey to the mainland. the whole world now knows that the muto and gaza exist. back on the ship, they're tracking the muto's path. it's headed to san francisco. sarizawa realized that it must be headed to the other muto. troops arrive at nevada to discover that the muto, now confirmed as a female, has escaped and is making a path to meet her mate. the path leads directly through las vegas. the second muto is much larger and more powerful than the first, and lumbers straight through las vegas, destroying whatever lies in its path. the navy has hatched a plan to lure the two mutos offshore with a nuclear missile. gaza will be close behind. then they'll detonate the bomb, wiping out all three monsters. sarizawa and his assistant believe the plan won't work, as muto consume radioactives. it won't work unless the channel movie 10 minutes is subscribed. but captain hampton claims that nothing can survive that kind of nuclear blast. meanwhile, ford hops onto a navy transport headed to the mainland. a train is being prepared to transport the two weapons, the bait bomb and the killer bomb. ford shoe horns himself into the detail, citing his expertise in ordnance handling. off they go. things seems to be going just fine, until the female muto smashes the bridge, gobbles down one of the nukes and kills everybody on the train, except for ford, who jumps into the river just as the bridge is shattered. [Music]. by morning, a recovery team has found ford and the nuke. they will fly the remaining bomb and try to make do with a modification of the initial idea. sarizawa comments on the arrogance of man, thinking that we can control nature, when it is the other way around. the two mutos are headed for their reunion in san francisco, with gaza in close pursuit. the whole city is prepping for an emergency evacuation. the larger muto tears up part of chinatown make a nest for their offspring. gaza emerges from the depths right by the golden gate bridge, ready to fight the monsters. gaza is doing pretty well against the smaller winged male, but when the big female leaves the nest to help, they join up to attack gaza. the troops in the area, including ford, have found the nest and the nuke that was previously swallowed. they begin to move it to a boat where they have more tools and can send it away from the city. at the nest, ford sees thousands of eggs and realizes they're an even bigger threat. he pops off the covers on spouts from a destroyed tanker truck to flood the chamber with gasoline, exploded and burned all when suddenly the nest explosion, sending the female screaming back to the nest in a panic. this is just the break gosling needs. gaza's long spiked tail knocks the muto into a building, killing it. the female muto grieves the loss of the babies, seems to notice ford and leans menacingly close to him. when gaza suddenly reappears and his spinal crest begins to glow blue. the beast lets loose with an enormous blast of radiation, breath at the female mudo. gaza stealthily sneaks and grabs mamma mudo by the throat, ripping her jaws open and tearing her head off. finally, gaza succumbs to its injuries and collapses on the shore. in the aftermath, ford has found his son and wife. they hug in tears. sarizawa looks with regret on the still body of the great beast. suddenly, it snorts into motion, slowly riding itself and lumbering through the streets toward the water. [Applause]. [Music]. thank you for watching. you 