you are locked up in an endless staircase. you can eat and drink, but without a phone, how long can you persevere? this man has been locked up here for 35 years. he poked a small hole in the bottled water for bathing and put nail clippers in rows to look in the mirror. he also ties toothbrushes into combs. why is that? in the past, these two brothers were robbers. that day was the police discovered him. but he tried his best to resist. then he hit the police. he ran into this series of stairs. that policeman chased without letting him go. he told them to immediately surrender, but the two of them continued to run. the police had to shoot them down. the man who got hit by bullets also threatened the police because this was the first time he shot people. suddenly, there was a strange explosion about everyone doesn't care much. they immediately take the brother to the hospital. but obviously this house is not high yet. going through the first floor is the ninth floor. looking down, they cannot see the bottom. the police told two people to stand still for him to look. the result is to run for a while. he goes back to the two's place. what the hell is that the police took the key to try to throw it down. unacceptably, it falls from above. they found themselves still around. but no matter how this door was open, there was no reaction from outside. the three of them were miraculously locked up there. the next day, the brother's wound was seriously infected. he died. the younger brother was very indignant. by the time the police didn't pay attention. he immediately pointed the gun at the head of the police and killed him. move the lens somewhere else. it's on a highway. this is a family picnic. the couple and their children were on their way to visit their uncle. because his stepfather did not know the situation. clearly, he gives the daughter a drink of guava juice by chance. the result is that she got her asthma. the wife told him to hurry and get the asmus raised, but he unfortunately dropped it and stomped. and he unfortunately picked it away. everyone panicked. they immediately changed direction home. but what comes will come. there was suddenly a burst of noise. it is no different from the stairs just now. next the nightmare begins. the band discovered that when he tried to patch this road. he returned to the original place. for example, they went through this billboard many times, through the gas station. they tried to go into that wasteland, take a few steps. they kept going back to the same place. in a strange way, they went back to the next staircase to see how this is. time passed. they have been locked up here for 35 years, this waste that must sell a lot of money. the two depend on each other to live. they soon forget the feud that year. every day, the policeman eats and waits to die. he turned into a skinny old man who cannot move by himself. the younger brother tries to exercise his body. he ceaselessly encourages himself to be brave. he hoped one day he would come out of this hell. food for them comes from an automatic machine. it's a bag that they stole 35 years ago. zero o'clock every day. it automatically regenerates just like before. it cannot be used up underneath. we use the bottle to avoid getting wet elsewhere. he also lined up the nail clippers into the mirror. he used a toothbrush to form a comb. every day. he actively runs several rounds of stairs. he uses the time to plan. and the policeman did not stop painting on the wall the face of his family members and the life in his memory. there is a little complication of old age on him. he is about to die on this highway. the situation is not much different. the sister died at asthma that year. for 35 years, the couple lived like a zombie. every day. relied on limitless food and convenience stores to live. in addition to eating, is drinking. life passes in misery and emotionlessness. how about their son? he creates a tent and lives alone on a roadside. every day he climbs the mountain to practice and eats healthy food. he hopes one day he could get out of here. life like that just passes until the mother dies. not long after that, the stepfather is dying. before he took his last breath, he suddenly remembered something very important. when he was a little boy, he went through this curse once. he and his friend sat together on a bamboo ramp. unexpectedly, the boatman accidentally killed his friend. then they spent 35 years floating in the river in that raft. when the boatman near death, said that never go in the red car. like 35 years ago, someone told the boatman not to get on the raft. he didn't listen, so he was locked up on the road for another 35 years. this curse will make people amnesia. until he dies, he remembers that story. he said, the boy will see a police car in a few moments. of course, don't get on that car. then he died. the son buried him with his mother. not long after, he actually saw a car. he was alert and walked around. then he came back to his camp. however, being locked up for decades too hard. this car is a chance for him to start a new life. in the end, he couldn't help but open the door of the car. he lost his memory. a new mission suddenly appeared in his brain. he had to go and catch that thief. he shaved his beard, wore the police's clothes. you know next that is the story that happened at the beginning. after being locked up here for 35 years, the police was also dying, he suddenly shouted to the thief that he remembered something very important. you must obey me, not to go in the elevator, otherwise he will enter the next miserable situation, reincarnation. in the next 35 years, you will definitely die in there and can't get out. after saying it, he went away. the thief turned around to see the door of the elevator. a bewildered 35 years here, everyone wished to go out. then he was still going to the elevator. then he immediately lost his memory. this time his status is the servant. newlyweds come in. they look very happy. he hands on, helping the groom pick up his bag and push the elevator to stop. three people come out together. the man threw away the bag in a strange way. next there was a strange beasting on the groom. this man had a serious allergy to these. and the medicine in the back fell apart. the loud bang came out again. you can guess everything would happen next, right? they are now locked up. the story is over. the whole story is a bit brain hacking, but you can see the director wanted to convey something very clear. the police accidentally opened fire. the man accidentally crushed an asthma spray. the younger brother dropped the bad all mistakes made by negligence. but in our life. many people fall into self-blame after their mistakes. after that, they will hide, without daring to face the truth. they cannot forgive themselves. the director means that everyone must be brave to face life and dare to face the past. to free the suffering, you have to courage to move on on the path 