in today's video, we'll be going through the 2011's american mystery thriller film unknown spoilers ahead. you have been warned. make sure to give this video a thumbs up, comment on what your favorite part was, and subscribe to our channel for more. the movie begins with a man named martin harris and his wife liz arriving in berlin. they are visiting the city for a biotechnology summit. after arriving at the hotel, martin realizes that he's left his briefcase at the airport. he leaves liz at the hotel and quickly returns to the airport in a different taxi without informing liz. before martin gets to inform his wife liz about the briefcase through the phone, his taxi meets with an accident and drives off the road, falling into a river. did you know that filming the movie in berlin proved very difficult, as the city was undergoing its coldest winter in 20 years at the time. the crash knocks martin unconscious, while the female taxi driver quickly breaks the window and gets out of the sinking car. while martin is still inside, she breaks the car's rear window and pulls martin out. medics quickly arrive and resuscitate martin, while the driver flees the scene. martin wakes up in a hospital after being in a coma for four days. he immediately starts asking for his wife, but he's told that no one has come looking for him. martin has lost bits and pieces of his memories because of the trauma he endured in the accident. after watching a news report on the television about the biotech summit, martin suddenly recalls that he was supposed to be attending the summit and immediately leaves for the hotel. at the hotel, he notices liz and tries to get close to her, but the hotel security stops him at the door. he explains that he's dr martin and liz's husband. after a lot of insistence, the hotel security escorts him to liz. when he meets her, he explains to her that he was in a coma for four days. but to his surprise, liz refuses to recognize him. she then introduces another man as dr martin harris and her husband. wow. imagine getting your wife that pissed off. martin is puzzled by the ordeal and gets agitated. the new dr martin asks the security to escort the old martin away. the nerve not only is the impostor stealing his wife, but he's getting him kicked out. martin is detained by the hotel and the police are informed. martin then tries to prove his identity by contacting his colleague named rodney cole, but to no avail. the hotel security then checks martin's university website, but only to find the new dr martin's picture, further disproving martin's claims. police then arrive and proceed to arrest him. but martin then apologizes to the hotel security chief. he shows him his doctor's card and explains that he was involved in a severe accident and perhaps lost his memory. the security chief decides to let him off the hook and sends martin off to the hospital where he was admitted in a taxi. however, martin gets out of the taxi after a few yards and continues his investigation. while trying to contact his colleague, rodney cole, through a pay phone, he notices a car watching him from a distance. worried, he takes shelter in the subway but soon a commuter starts briskly following him. martin starts running and gets on a train, managing to get away from the man seemingly following him. martin starts writing down his schedule for memory on a botany book that his father had once gifted him. the next day, he locates his female taxi driver named gina, working at a restaurant. he asks her about the accident, but she refuses to talk to him as she's hiding from her former boss after crashing his taxi in the spree river. dejected, martin thanks her for saving his life and leaves. he then visits the office of professor leo bressler for their scheduled meeting, but to his dismay, he finds dr harris already present there. they both try to prove their identity and correctly recall extremely personal details of their interaction with dr wrestler, puzzling dr bressler himself the new dr. martin then provides identification and a family photo, both of which have his face, which overwhelms martin and he passes out. martin again wakes up in the hospital and finds himself being zip tied by a man named smith, the same man that was following him in the subway. just then, martin's nurse arrives and questions smith, but he swiftly kills her, god death penalty for a harmless question. martin then manages to steal the scissors from the nurse's pocket. he sets himself free and manages to flee. it seems that martin has more lives than a cat does. he then seeks help from a private investigator and a former stasi agent named ernst jurgen. he asks for his help to prove his identity. at jurgen's suggestion, martin tries to contact his female taxi driver, gina. again, it's revealed that gina is an undocumented immigrant hiding both from her boss and the police. he empathizes with her situation as an illegal immigrant and offers her the expensive watch that liz had given him. gina agrees to help him and lets him stay in her place for the night. meanwhile, jurgen researches martin and the biotechnology summit, discovering is to be attended by prince chada of saudi arabia. the prince is finding a secret project headed by bressler, and has survived numerous assassination attempts. jurgen suspects that the identity theft might be related. while martin takes a shower, smith and his associate named jones, force into gina's apartment and subdue her. oh, come on, can a guy even shower in peace? now, hearing the commotion outside, martin quickly gets dressed and sneaks out of the window. he hides on the roof, and jones ventures out of the window looking for him. however, jones climbs down the stairs attached to the window and looks for martin around the neighborhood. with jones outside, martin re-enters the apartment and attacks smith. a struggle follows. smith eventually overpowers martin, but gina stabs smith with his own injection and kills him. gina learns that smith had killed her friend biko before getting to her apartment. martin and gina then quickly flee in biko's taxi. but jones spots them and follows them in his car. a hot pursuit follows. jones blocks their car's path and tries to crash them into a street train. martin manages to overtake and escape, but their car is sent rolling, while jones crashes into an impact attenuator on the road. all three survive and set out on foot. martin and gina hide in a club and manage to get away from jones. gina, angry, slaps martin for getting her friend, biko killed, and making her already difficult life even more difficult. martin apologizes to her and promises to make up for the mess he has created. he better, because he has brought nothing but trouble for the poor girl. martin eventually figures out the code that liz had written in his botany book. liz had written a series of numbers in his book, numbers that correspond to words found on specific pages of the book. the words were the names of two flowers, fairy lantern and california bay. at a meeting with jurgen, martin recalls that the saudi prince and bressler are very close, and shada is funding the summit. they're both progressives. bressler wants to end world hunger and is researching new forms of crop cultivation. bressler offers open access to his data to shada, who realizes that this country will need food long after their oil resources are depleted. the saudi prince's progressiveness has also made him a target of radical islamists. still, the progressive prince has refused to stop despite multiple assassination attempts. martin also recalls that prince shada is supposed to join an intimate cocktail party with bressler, dr martin and a few other guests before wrestler's speech. jurgen speculates that the imposter dr martin could have stolen martin's identity to get close to the prince and assassinate him. martin then confronts liz alone at an art exhibition while the other dr martin is busy at a meeting. martin tells liz to tell the truth and please with her to come with him. liz tells him that she can't get out, as they will kill them both. she reminds martin that he left her alone at the hotel because he forgot his briefcase at the airport. she tells him to find the briefcase. martin tries to ask her more questions, but liz then gives him a long kiss instead and leaves. yeah, it's hollywood. meanwhile, jurgen receives a letter containing photographs of liz and martin arriving together at the airport from his contact, corroborating martin's story. jurgen then receives a man claiming to be rodney cole, martin's colleague, at his office. jurgen had previously attempted to contact rodney cole to ascertain the truth about the real dr martin harris. cole reveals that he's in berlin to hear bressler's speech and asks jurgen what trouble martin has gotten into. jurgen reveals, as he pours himself a cup of tea, his findings of a secret europe-based assassination unit known as section 15. cole's expressions begin to change, and he unbuttons his coat as jurgen continues that the assassin group is second to none in their planning and efficiency. jurgen then drinks his tea as cole asks him why he didn't run away after receiving a call from him. jurgen answers that he can't run from section 15, as he can hardly walk. cole asks jurgen every name he contacted on behalf of martin, but he begins to collapse and eventually dies. jurgen died from the cyanide he had mixed in his own drink. he had already deduced that cole is a former mercenary and member of the section 15 group, knowing coal is there to interrogate and kill him with no way of escape, jurgen committed suicide to protect harris. mr jurgen knew snitches get stitches. meanwhile, martin retrieves his briefcase from the airport. he finds his passport and pictures with liz in the case. according to his passport, martin harris was born on june 7th. actor liam neeson's birthday is also june 7th. gina then decides to part ways with him as martin waits for liz at a restaurant. moments later, while waiting for a taxi, gina notices martin being kidnapped by cole and jones. she follows their van in a stolen taxi. cole takes martin into an abandoned building and reveals that martin harris is just a cover name created by harris himself to get into the conference. martin and liz both are assassins. of the section 15 group. and martin's head injury caused him to believe the cover persona was real. when liz notified cole of the injury, martin harris was activated as his replacement. cole then orders jones to kill martin. when gina arrives in the taxi, jones starts shooting at gina, and she loses control of the car. gina's taxi runs jones over and rams cole's van, pushing the van and cole over the edge, killing him. we all love a dramatic movie sequence, don't we? martin then learns his real identity from a hidden compartment in his briefcase. he is a canadian citizen named sean williams. trivia, on the close-up of the canadian passports, the surname is where the other name should be, and vice versa. he recalls that he arrived in berlin three months ago and planted a bomb in prince shot his suite to assassinate him. martin is dejected after learning his truth. gina convinces him that he can redeem himself by thwarting the assassination. and they sneak into the hotel. however, they're soon caught by the hotel security. meanwhile, liz hacks into bressler's laptop, using the codes that she'd written in martin's book to access bressler's laptop and research file. liz copies wrestler's research into her computer. after stealing the research worth billions of dollars, liz and dr martin then proceed to flee the party. martin desperately tries to warn the hotel security chief about the assassination attempt. he proves himself by showing his earlier visit to the hotel. after the security is convinced of the bomb's presence, they promptly evacuate the hotel. seeing that their assassination attempt has been foiled, liz asks the other dr martin to finish the target himself, and she returns to prince chad's hotel room to defuse the now useless bomb to cover her tracks. this doesn't sound like such a good idea. liz, seeing wrestler with his two daughters, lily and laurel, also the name of two flowering plants. martin realizes that the codes liz wrote in his book were bressler's passwords. he figures out that section 15's main target is not princhada, but bressler, who has developed a genetically modified breed of corn capable of surviving harsh climates. after stealing the research from him, the assassins wanted to kill professor bressler. prince shadow was also supposed to be killed in the bomb blast to make it seem that he was targeted by extremists, and professor bressler was collateral damage to the assassination plot. martin then runs out and confronts dr martin before he can murder bressler. a struggle follows. meanwhile, liz tries to disarm the bomb, but fails and gets killed when it explodes. see, i tried to warn her. the explosion knocks both men out. martin starts to recall the memories and skills he learned as an assassin. dr martin attacks martin, but martin surprises him by giving it back to him equally good. however, dr martin overpowers him and chokes him. martin then breaks a mirror and kills dr martin with a piece of glass. the next day, bresser and prince shada freely give their new coin to the world in their mutual effort to end world hunger using additional fake passports found in his briefcase, martin and gina leave berlin together as henry and claudia taylor, thanks for watching. make sure to like the video if you enjoyed it, and subscribe to the channel to see more of these movie summaries 