i want you to hit me as hard as you can. hi. i'm luke ryan for joeblow.com, and welcome to movie endings explained, where we'll be taking a look at some of the more ambiguous and discussed movie endings that have left audiences debating their true meaning long after the credits have rolled. this time we're going to be looking at the much discussed 2014 film birdman, directed by alejandro in arizu and starring michael keaton in the lead role. the film swept the awards season, earning keaton a golden globe for best actor, an academy award nomination for best actor, as well as winning oscars for best film, best cinematography, best screenplay and best director. it's almost undeniably a great film, which follows keaton's character, riggan thompson, a down on his luck actor who once had mainstream fame in the birdman superhero franchise, but is now struggling to be relevant, writing, directing and starring in a broadway play based on the raymond carver's short story. what we talk about when we talk about love the birdman aspect plays in well with michael keaton's previous role as batman in the 80s and 90s. but beyond that cute meta-like reference, this film is much more of a deconstruction of rigging thompson's psyche. the film presents us with fantastical moments where riggan imagines his birdman alter ego taunting him, and we hear his inner birdman inside his head, too. alejandro inorito injects the story with magic realism, in which a story that's told in as serious of a nature as possible, but with moments that defy real life. the opening shot of the film shows riggan floating in his dressing room, his inner birdman asking him how they ended up there. how did we end up here? are we supposed to believe that riggan is actually floating, or was he imagining himself floating? perhaps it was more meant to show his current state of mind, his feeling of superiority, a symbol of his ego. ego plays a huge part in the story. and by the climax of the film, and of course, spoilers, you've been warned, riggan shoots his nose off on stage. or does he? the last scene of the film depicts riggan in a hospital bed, his nose bandaged, and the fame he so desperately wanted back in his life rekindled. the events of the film take riggan through a roller coaster of emotions, and the final scene shows him at peace, where he then decides to step out onto the window ledge of his hospital room to apparently commit suicide. this is where the debate over the ending of birdman really sparks up. we cut away from rigging on the ledge to sam, his daughter, played by emma stone. she rushes to the open window and looks up and smiles. the end. now, the most cut and dry way to view this ending, considering the earlier scene where riggan is flying around new york, is that reagan has actually taken flight, and that his moments of apparent fantasy throughout the film were actually real. he had those powers, and now the world would see them. there are many different ways to interpret this ending though, but before we dive into the possibilities, here's what the director had to say about the way the audience perceives the ending of birdman. alejandro inoritu said at the ending of the film, it can be interpreted as many ways as there are seats in the theater. so clearly innuritu wants the perception of the ending of birdman, and indeed the entire film, to be subject to the viewers own opinions and feelings. so what are some of the options besides the fairly unsatisfying theory that reagan actually flies away for real? well, one possibility is that he didn't shoot his nose off at the end of his play, but he actually killed himself, and that the final hospital scene is either a hallucination during his final moments of mortality, or what he imagined a happy ending to his inner turmoil. could be, given the ambiguity of birdman, it's worth considering, but i don't think it holds much weight. and the whole it's a dream idea just feels weak to me. another scenario could be that riggan had no superpowers at all, and we're seeing either an artistic representation of how he's feeling in those magical moments, or he's hallucinating them himself due to insanity. in a scene where he trashes his dressing room, we see him throwing objects around without touching them. when his manager comes in to see what the fuss is all about, we enter his perspective and see riggan physically handling things. you can even see some blood on riggan's hand, which suggests he was smashing up everything with his hands. then there's the where he flies back to the theater, and no one is even looking at this astonishing feat of supernatural power, along with a cabbie asking for his money. hello, sir. you did not pay me. these moments make it perfectly clear that riggan's powers aren't to be taken too literally. however, it's worth taking into account the unique structure of birdman. from the opening shot of riggan floating to the moment he shoots himself on stage, the entire film is made to look like one flowing take that is unbroken. that's an hour and 39 minutes of a distinct visual aesthetic. after rigging shoots himself, the film begins to cut, with bizarre imagery flashing on screen. the recurring image of a meteor flying across the skies seems to suggest something, while the shot of jellyfish beached on the sand could allude to riggan's story of trying to drown himself. the sudden inclusion of cutting in a film so heavily entrenched in a one-take concept surely points to a significant change in the film. but whether that means the reality has changed, or riggen's state of mind has changed, is the real question. his nose has been reconstructed after the accident, and it now resembles a beak. now it seems unlikely that a nose transplant would look so normal so quickly. so should we take this scene as real, or a cruel twist of fate tying him to the delusion of birdman forever? he sees birdman one more time in the bathroom, and before he takes to the window ledge, he tells him this. now this clearly tells us he's done with birdman being a part of his life. maybe he's realized that even after achieving success once again and sharing a loving moment with his daughter in a relationship that was so strained of love before, birdman is still there no matter what he does. and so the only way to free himself is to end his life. considering he talks about having tried to kill himself before, it's not that much of a leap. riggan is not a stable man by any means. he seems so oddly at peace with it, if that is indeed what he is about to do. yet we never see him jump. when sam rushes to the window, we can hear sirens outside, which seems to surely be there to tell us he jumped to his demise. but it seems fishy that any kind of emergency service would arrive a mere half minute after he fell. sam even looks down in fear, but she doesn't react to anything shocking, instead turning her eyes upwards, a smile of disbelief and wonder forming on her face. so what did sam see exactly? maybe she saw the meteor that had been flashing on screen throughout the film. that outcome feels very unlikely to me. so does riggan killing himself. one of his struggles throughout the film is how he views love, his ex-wife telling him that he always seems to confuse love with admiration, and realizing that he had people close to him that loved him as a key part of his progression. by the end of the film, the theory that i tend to lean more towards is that riggan didn't actually fly out of the window, much like he never flew around the city, or any other number of fantastical moments we see in the film, and that his final flight is a pure artistic expression of his final transformation. you could look at it as sam perceiving his change in the same magical way as he perceived himself, in either a symbolic way or a literal one, with his daughter suffering from the same kind of delusions as her father. some even believe that the ending could be a hallucination of sam's which plays somewhat into her backstory of being a recovering drug addict. it would also lend some weight to the sudden cuts after riggan shoots himself as the last images that flash through his mind before we enter the perspective of sam and her own personal delirium in coping with her father's suicide. one thing's for sure, there is no real answer to what the ending of birdman definitively means. but the ending of birdman, as we see it, wasn't the way the film always closed out. alejandro in narita said that he hated the original ending of birdman, commenting that it had a different ending. but in the middle of shooting, i knew it was a piece of [ __ ]. i felt it, and the film began to breathe by itself. and i'm so happy that i changed it. now i feel very good about the ending. it feels very fair. so what was the original ending? well, while innuritu kept quiet about it, alexander dinolairis jr, one of the film's four writers, was more open to sharing. the original ending would show riggan appearing on a charlie rose-esque show following the incident where he shot himself on stage. the play having gone down as a big hit. then, as dinolairis reveals, the camera prowled like it did the whole film, went backstage, through the halls we've seen the whole time, and we'd get to the dressing room, where literally johnny depp would be sitting looking in the mirror and putting on his rigging thompson wig. and then the poster of pirates of the caribbean five would be in the back. in jack sparrow's voice, it would say, what the [ __ ] are we doing here, mate? it was going to be the satire of the endless loop of that. now, while that's a cute spin on the story, it definitely would have felt like the film was selling itself short to me, tacked on at best, dinolaires also commented on the ambiguity of the film's new ending, saying, we're not going to sit around and explain the ending. we thought if we answered that question at the end, it would seem very, very small. is he famous because he shot himself? that small. is he still miserable? that small. everything seemed small. another co-writer of birdman, nicholas jackabone, said, i'm still trying to figure it out. so in this case, the ending of birdman really is exactly what you make of it. one of the great freedoms of art is that you can not only get what the artist put into it, but what you put into it as well with your own experiences, ideals and emotional reactions. my verdict, i like to think that the alleged reality of rigging flying at the end of the film pales in comparison to the emotions of the characters and the outcome of the story. the sense of ore in sam's eyes is a powerful image and supersedes any skepticism i could ever have about whether or not it's actually real. feel free to chime in down below with your thoughts on the ending of birdman. we'd love to hear your theories and thanks for watching. [Music], you 