[Music]. this is a movie recap named the road. it's a drama movie from 2009. a man wakes up, checking his son as he wakes up. due to another earthquake. they need to move in order to survive. and they are carrying a basket with their belongings. don't even know what day is it or month, just living day by day. no animals have survived, and all the core are long gone. they have to be careful because gangs are carrying weapons, looking for food and fuel. cannibalism is the great fear. the biggest problems are food and shoes. reading stories are full of fun. they found a house. people there committed suicide. as they were struggling to survive. thought about doing the same. two bullets, one for each other. they have slept in a car. suddenly someone comes. dangerous people are approaching with the guns. man take his son and hide. one gang member is taking a piss, and he saw them. he takes a son, and dad saves him. the other gang members heard a shot, so they need to move fast. they remained hidden until the gang left. his son is afraid and crying. they take the things they left behind. his wife wanted to commit suicide. she gives up easily. and after some time, she decided to left them. dad fined coca-cola and shared it with sun they found the old red truck and stayed in it. but are still hungry. they have nothing left. boy is missing a mother. she is probably dead by now. after thinking about her, he throws the wallet with her picture in it and left a ring. they found the house and went inside. there are a bunch of things and shoes. found a basement and opened it. but there are a lot of starved people. someone is using them as a food and taking them to smokehouse. they are here. only way they could go now is upstairs. five people are down there. they don't have anywhere to go. wanted to take his sunlight and end it here, but then people in the basement are making some noise, and they manage to get out and hide back in the forest. they are sharing what's left. this is the house where the man grew up. boy is waiting outside, playing with toys. and he saw some other kid like him, and gets excited. father stopped him. it's not safe to walk around. the journey continues, on and off the road. when he saw the piano, he started crying. his wife taught him to play. she played very well. they found some place outside, and it was a miracle. there are all different types of food and drink, everything they needed. now trying to enjoy the moment here, making a dinner and laughing. next day, they are taking the shower, cut the beard and hair and take the clean clothes. this is one of the best day in their life. but this moment didn't last long, as they heard someone outside. they need to move on. but boy is complaining. he likes this place. and everything they needed is here. they took things as much as they could on the road. they found an old man who is almost blind, and he thought they were robbers. boy gave him a food, and then they took him with them. his name is ely. he had a boy once. he is just happy to see a child again. they left him behind. they don't have enough supply for all. bad people caught a woman and a child. and another earthquake occurred while they were running. trees are falling. they need to hide now. [Music]. they find a place to sleep. but next day, a father is coughing blood. he is not feeling so good. they hugged each other they are on the beach now. it's raining and his sun is burning. there is a boat, so he might give it a chance. maybe something is in there. while father was gone, some stranger walked toward a boy with a knife and took everything. father is carrying a son, and he is going to catch a thief. he surrendered, but the father said, take all of your clothes. he is starving. but they don't want to help. now, boy is not happy with that decision. he told his father he had to return things to that man, or he will die. it started raining again. but as they are moving forward, someone fired an arrow and shot dad in the leg. dad is fighting back and coming for them. he killed a man, and there is also a woman next to him. boy is helping to clean the wound. they are moving on, but dad is really tired. boy is helping him as much as he can. he must continue without him, and boy is really sad. they need to rest. but the next day he doesn't wake up. boy is taking the gun, and someone is approaching. there is one armed man with a long hair. the stranger said, you have two choices here, to stay with your dad or come with me. there are other kids too. boy was thinking for some time and decided to come with them. there is a woman with two kids and a dog. [Music], 