welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka, your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and with the marble Brazilian Comic Con panel just dropping a whole host of new announcements on the future of the MCU, it's time to break down everything we know about the upcoming slate. throughout this video, I'm just gonna be going over the full panel and discussing everything that you need to know about what was said and how it will play into the future of the universe. there may be some spoilers here, so if you want to go into the upcoming films and TV shows as blind as possible, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for click in this video. now let's get into our breakdown of the marbles. see cxp panel. I think it's called CC XP, Comic Con XP, Comic Con experience. yes. just give all this. ok. so the panel opened with the first official on screen look at elizabeth Olsen and Paul Bettany and the upcoming show one division. as expected, the show is drawing heavily from 1956 coms like Leave It to Beaver, be vit 2 livre. I don't know, basically all of the shows that make kids say, okay, boomer. well, hey, when they say, okay, boom oh, really winds me up. I don't know why. it's pathetic, really. anyway, it's kind of clear from this that Wonder has created her own sort of pocket dimension, a Pleasantville, if you will, that allows her to live there with a long-lost love and basically have the life that she should have had. the show is going to tie heavily into Doctor Strange and the multiverse of madness. and this little look suggests that the madness is going to be one day who creates her own alternate realities, which, after they are likely destroyed at the end of the series, sends her mad, like the multiverse of madness. you can't, you can't call a woman mad these days, can you? that's a very old Knightley's reference on british TV. if anyone gets that. yeah, thank you. I don't know if my theory on the whole multiverse of madness thing is right, but that's what I will guess. we also learn that it's filmed in a hospital and school over the last couple of days. and I think that the latter could be that their children wicken in speed or attending there, as they're said to feature in the series. and yet, this is gonna be huge fanservice when they appear. basically, they do need to go to school. so, yeah, that would be a great way to introduce them. anyway, this is definitely a ping the Tom King vision graphic novel. and, yeah, I'm really excited for it. I would have loved to have seen some footage, but, yeah, they're just, they're just not showing it much, as we'll get into the panel. yeah, they kind of hold everything back. this was then followed by a big Black Widow announcement and discussion on stage in which Kevin Feige kind of went through the ins and outs of the plot, discussing the setting of Budapest. and at the end of the show, he also showed a black widow poster, which is sort of keeping in line with the new look and design of the ones that we've seen so far. during this talk, the audience actually got to see an extended Black Widow trailer, which I'm guessing we will see soonish. but for the moment, it was just exclusive to comic-con. now, apparently it didn't really add all that much extra plot than what we already know. however, it did sort of flesh out the action scenes a bit more, and also showed the comic-con footage that had taskmaster flipping the car that Black Widow was driving in and then approaching her. Kevin Feige said that they would be showing more of budapest, more of the plot, and that's what they came to do, and I guess they did it. now we do know that elements of Black Widow will actually take place before the events of Iron Man, and this is why general Ross was the Aged for the teaser that we got. basically, the film is gonna show elements of Budapest and the infamous mission that Widow was a part of that it's pretty much been named dropped in every single film that she's ever featured in. and this could be where the rumored Hawkeye cameo happens. and it could also show how her family is formed in that film that she ends up teaming up with. not too much extra here? well, yeah, they gave away copies of the posters to some audience members. so good stuff, I guess. following this with some footage from the Eternals that was shown, that then got cut into a trailer. we don't have a full description of this just yet, but we can't expect this in the next couple of days. so, yeah, keep an eye out for that. now, they kind of went through the cast again, which they've done at other Comic Cons in the past. and overall, I'm still very unsure about this film. like, I am excited to see a movie in the cosmic MCU once more, but I really also want to see it set up the events of the MCU, as it's rumored to do. I'd love it if we got like, a young Danis in it, or Ronan the you know, just something extra Easter eggs wise that would really pull us into the film. we'll see how all that happens. but going forward, the Eternals are clearly gonna be a big part of the Marvel Universe. so, like it, I love it, you're gonna have to get used to it. personally, I am really excited for it, but, you know, I'm going in with tempered expectations. Black Widow is probably the film next year that I'm most excited for. but hey, this could knock it out the park, as we know you know, Marvel movies can do that, whether it's guardians of the galaxy, door act and rock, whenever they tackle something in space, it always does really well. and yeah, I am, I am excited to see it. just, you know, toning my expectations back a bit. on top of this, we also got two images from the upcoming Disney Plus show, the Falcon and Winter Soldier, that showed images from the actual show itself. it kind of looks like Bucky is taking charge in these. and it's weird seeing Sam take a backseat to it as, hey, I really want to see him step into the role of Captain America. I mean, who doesn't, right? look, Bucky is an old-age pensioner. Sam, don't take that from him. I know you should respect your elders, but, you know, take some charge, my man. what's going on? anyway, that was pretty much the entire panel, and it closed up after about 45 minutes. now, I'm guessing, if you're watching this video a bit like me, you kind of like, who was that it like? I wasn't sure whether I was actually gonna cover this, as it's a bit hit-and-miss, and there's not really much to go on. but, you know, I promise people for the last week in the comment section and all that sort of thing, that I would definitely be going over it. so I felt like I needed to cover it. now, we did have a lot of rumors earlier in the week about what was going to be announced at the panel, and I'm really, really glad that I didn't just jump on there. and because a lot of them did seem like clickbait, like I see, I've seen a lot of youtubers posting that the x-men and Fantastic Four line it would be announced. and, yeah, personally, I just couldn't see that happening at the moment, I'm really, really trying my best not to report on fake news. so seeing channels post things like, Deadpool 3 confirmed to be announced at CC XP, and it's gonna be the full phase 5 lineup, it just seemed a lot like wishful thinking. and I hate when people do those kind of videos, especially if they know that they're not true, as they build a lot of hope up and ultimately eat a disappointment. I have done videos in the past similar to that that have turned out to be untrue. and overall, at the time, I did believe that they were gonna happen. and when it turned out that they weren't, it really did leave me feeling like I'd let a lot of people down. and it's not good in the long term, just getting views on stuff that turns out to be basically another one of Mysterio's illusions. so, yeah, stop that, you naughty, naughty youtubers. there was no way that the entire phase 5 panel was gonna be announced, that this thing as expected. the show itself was a lot more scaled back. and I kind of think that if you went into it like I did, with tempered expectations, you're not gonna be that disappointed. however, if you went into it thinking that this was gonna be the phase 5 lineup, Wolverines gonna be cast, Hugh Jackman is back, you know, the it's just, it's gonna let you down. so I can see why a lot of people are calling this a waste of time. you know, there was nothing on the Fantastic Four x-men and so on. overall. you know, at this point in the MCU, I personally think it'll be a long time before we get any big, substantial announcements. because, yeah, they did just announce their entire lineup a couple of months ago. so no doubt they'll be holding off on things until there's a bit more breathing room down the line. like you don't want to announce your entire five-year plan when people are happy with just a two-year one. and hey, Marvel, do not have to show their hand at this point as their head of everyone else. also a scene on reddit that people were disappointed that they didn't announce Deadpool 3, as Ryan Reynolds was actually at this comic-con. but yeah, like that, they can just hold these announcements back for as long as they want, because, you know, it keeps that hype train going. there's absolutely no point in dropping everything for the next 5 years at this point. anyway, that's everything you need to know about the panel. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts about what was announced. and if you're looking forward to the future of the MCU, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoy this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our full breakdown of the black widow trailer, which would be linked at the end. we go over everything that you need to know about the film and give our thoughts and how the movie looks and the plot leaks about its story. it's definitely worth checking out if you want to know more. and if you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey, or head over to my discord server, which should be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone and that's the best place to be. it's free adjoining. we have an awesome community. so hopefully I see you over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of the marble phase 3, part 2, boxer on blu-ray, which contains Black Panther, infinity war and Game Captain Marvel and more. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts on the panel in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen on the 15th of December, and the set will be shipped out from then to ever gets the prize. it's the best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. now see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 