welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul, aka lord spoil real. in this video, we're breaking down the latest century of his dark materials and giving you some terrible puns to go along with it. now, have taken a two-week hiatus of posting this after the first episode breakdown. and that's purely because of the release schedule of the show. it actually drops one week in advance in england. but as with most of my subscribers being american, i thought i'd hold off, just so you guys have had some time to watch it, and also because because the first video the terrible view wise. anyway, episode 2 starts very strangely, and i was actually a bit disappointed that they completely dropped the cliffhanger from last time. if you cast your mind back, you'll remember that we ended the prior entry with will being stalked by a specter, and just as it was about to attack, the episode cut to black. that plot point doesn't appear again. and the episode picks up the next morning with everything all fine and dandy. pan is in the form of a red panda, and i kind of hope that he takes on this shape more often as he's called pan, and he's, well, a panda. never mind. anyway, he's not the only one who's transformed either. and lyra is trying on different clothes in order to blend in. this entry centers around lyra and pan going to wells oxford for the first time. and almost immediately upon entering it, trouble starts to find them. after lyra is knocked down by a car, we see as lord boreal watches them, and slowly he puts into place his plans to get the golden compass. one of the strange things about the episode is that boreal and lyra actually come face to face at one point, and she doesn't recognize him at all. you may remember that he was at mrs coulter's party in the first season. but for some reason she doesn't quite remember who he is, which allows him to sink his claws into her slightly. now, boreal is actually a play on the word aurora borealis, which the story, of course, centers around. in addition to this, in the source material, boreal goes by the name sir charles lashram latron backwards, is mortal, so you very much get this aesthetic of his pseudonyms being a play on words. boreal has been tasked with tracking down john parry, who, as we know, is going to be played by andrew scott. now, they have changed his character slightly for the series. as in the book, boreal was an old man who used his kindly and gentle appearance to manipulate lara in several ways. other than the cars, there are also a lot of similarities of oxford to lyras. however, one bigger mission is jordan's college, which is currently just a construction site in world's reality. lyra is pretty disappointed by this, but i do love that she bumps into several people and has to dash out of the way of bikes. in her world, airships and boats are sort of the main methods of transportation, and though there are cars, they aren't used as regularly. it is a nice little detail that shows the creative team were paying attention to how the little aspects would change. and i really appreciated it, just seeing lyra fall over all the time. anyway, they compare will's phone to the compass, and after he receives a lot of notifications from his mum, the pair split up. they agree to meet at the botanical gardens, which is a location that exists in both will and lyra's oxford. elsewhere, the magisterium are mourning the death of their cardinal and the senate from star wars is assembled to decide what to do next. father mcphail has now taken over the reigns of the group. and this is, of course, a power play by mrs coulter in order to gain control over them. lyra heads into a museum, and it's at this point that she asks for help finding a scholar that will tell her about dust. not only does the compass tell her to look for the door with a mountain on it, it also tells her to look for the scholar and to help will find his father. now, as we know, will and lyra's fate are very heavily linked together. and both are pretty much the opposites of one another in their respective worlds. opposites, same characters, you know what i mean? anyway, the point is that boreal here makes his play. but rather than attacking lyra and taking the compass for himself, he decides to do a different strategy. this involves gaining her trust in the hopes that she will drop her god. now, i always thought that this moment held a lot of biblical similarities. and as we know, boreal's demon is the snake. the snake was very prominent in the garden of eden and even tempted eve with the idea of knowledge. lyra and will could somewhat be viewed as almost adam and eve like figures. and from their respective worlds, they've both sort of been abandoned by their fathers and cast into a paradise, which i think the island represents. boreal is trying to gain knowledge, as well as getting eve, or rather lyra, on his side. and thus he's doing the long game, which involves making her trust him. i don't know if i'm reading into that, but whenever i see a snake, an object that can grant knowledge, along with a male and female character, i think it's done on purpose. to reference the good book. boreal lets her leave, and will goes to his mother to let her know that he's okay. cut to the witches and we see seraphina confronting ruta over her attack last week. this ambush has really rocked the status of things, and it could easily send them into an all-out war that could completely ravage the planet as we know the cardinal is dead, and ruta wants to capitalize on this by uniting the nine clans in order to take the magisterium whilst they still can. however, seraphina is sure that the prophecy, which centers around lyra, is the right action to take, and she's worried that if they can't get to her in time at all, will be lost. now, speaking of lyra, she arrives at the dark matters research unit in the college to find mary malone. bird watching. malone becomes an incredibly important character in the work. and after discussing dark matter and dust, mary reveals some significant things, namely, that dark matter and dust have a conscious to them. now, as we discussed in our last breakdown, different things in different realities have different words assigned to them. for example, demon in our world means something completely different in lyra's. and we discover that both dark matter and dust are one in the same. now the magisterium makes some bold moves. and at their headquarters, we watch as kolter and boreal meet. it's a very tense conversation, with both subtly suggesting that they know secrets about the other boreal says that he's been visiting another world. and cult is is that her daughter, lyra, is missing. boreal, of course, knows where she is. and colter is desperate to find this out now, before things really heat up. dr martin is brought before the magisterium, and though he's there to try and broke a piece, macphail doesn't buy it. ruta has really caused a lot of issues. and though this would normally lead to things settling down, it actually causes more problems. martin is sentenced to eight years hard labor. and we also get a hint at towards what could be going on with coulter. this is because we learn of a region in the north in which demons cannot go. in order to become a witch, a girl must venture into there without her demon. and it allows for them to be separated from the soul without killing either. as we know from season one, calder can separate from her demon. and i think the focus on her as this is being discussed is definitely meant to hint to us that she was part of a ritual. now elsewhere, we watch his will. learns through his father's will, pun intended who his grandparents are crap pun though, wasn't it? but they're not like your grandparents or mine, where they just want to give you food and money all the time. are actually a bunch of snitches. and thus he leaves to find lyra. now lyra and malone really get into the lore of dust and how it can only be measured upon being viewed. however, this is difficult because the particles don't reflect light. and thus mary has had to build a computer to help her examine the matter. this computer, in many ways, is very similar to the compass in that it can answer specific questions if one mind is put into a certain state when connected to it. with the compass, one must sort of exist in between states, whereas with the computer, you can actually just hook yourself up to it. thus lyra journeys to the computer cave with malone, and she's jacked into it. is that the correct phrasing? i don't know, but it sounds cool. anyway, what matters here is the multiple symbols from the compass that are brought to the machine. now, shout outs to screen rant for breaking these all down. and the first letters that we get are the alpha and omega symbols from the greek alphabet. these are actually laid over the top of one another, and they carry a lot of meanings. according to random house, who published the book, the alpha and omega mean finality and inevitability, which could hint towards the prophecy that involves lyra. the symbols also appeared in the book of revelations as a title for god. so it's very much tied in with the ending of things and great power. next is another symbol of power, which is the sun on the compass. this means day. however, it also represents truth. it could hint that the truth will come to light down the line. and i swear that's not a pun. next is the owl, which means the opposite to the sun. and rather than day, it means night. however, it also brings with it the idea of winter and fear as well as a hunter. lyra, of course, has lord boreal after her, and it could tease the trials that are coming to her down the line. owls also typically represent wisdom, so this could tie in with malone, who's going to be guiding the character. there's also the ai ching, or iching, is it? or anyway, it's the book of changes, which is a historical chinese text that's used to grant wisdom. this book actually pops up later in the story after malone manages to get it. and sorry if that's ruined everything for you. i hope not, though. now, the knife also appears. and this is the subtle knife, which is a big mcguffin in the season. i got into trouble on the last video for spoiling what it does, so i won't do that here. but if you want to know, then definitely go check out the previous entry that we did. it was a brilliant breakdown, i must say myself. lastly, is the hourglass, which no prize is for guessing, represents time. and the appearance of this reminds lyra that she has to meet wills, specifically at 5pm. and the two rendezvous at the gardens. now, the bench itself is a big, big, big easter egg. i'm not going to ruin its significance just yet, but it's actually tied heavily into the storyline. and in real life, there's actually a statue of demons placed beside it. having the pan meteor is very important. and this fourth wall breaking moment, i think, will make a lot of fans of the source material, very, very happy. will and lyra really share a touching moment at this point. and using the elithiometer, she confirms that his mother is okay. it also tells the pair that they need to find will's father. however, because of the betrayal carried out by his grandparents, will doesn't know who to trust. lyra, of course, relates to this after being betrayed by both her father and mother. and really start to see the character's similarities line up. i think this bench will be back before you know it. and once lockdown ends in the uk, i'm gonna go there and get a selfie. probably not though. anyway, back at the magisterium, culture convinces macphail to launch airships on the witches, which completely bombard them. this is obviously gonna further the war between the two sides, and macphail sees it as a necessary sin. he actually punishes himself in private for it and holds his hand over a candle, which burns the flesh on it. elsewhere, coulter discovers from thorold that lyra has traveled to another world, and she'll obviously be heading to the city of gaza in order to try and track her down. you also see, as the attack commences on, the witches and the magisterium carry out their burning ritual, whilst the landscape of the witches does too. this is a declaration of war. and i was shocked at how impactful this final scene was. something about the intercutting of the witch's home burning whilst mcphail stands in front of a flame, was really emotional, i thought. and obviously, going forward, it's gonna be all-out war between the pair. mcphail has finally gained the power he's long sought after, but colter states that it's actually a curse that he's been given, and that he's merely a fly in her web. she divulges the multiverse and then says she's going on her mission to find lara. she calls macphail hugh as a way to show that she doesn't respect him at all. and the episode ends with her leaving with one of the best struts i've ever seen. and that concludes the entry. and obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on it and what you want to see in the show going forward. make sure you comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please drop a thumbs up and check out our recap of the first entry. in case you missed it, don't forget, we're giving away three copies of the marvel phase two box set. and all you have to do to begin with the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of november, so make sure you get involved. if you want to support the channel and get to see content early, then please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat, just on the discord server linked in the description, or, heavy spoilers, on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. you 