hi everybody. today i want to recap a cool movie from video game adaptation called mortal kombat. and i hope you enjoy it. japan, 1617. hanzo hasashi is living peacefully in his compound with his wife, harumi and son, satoshi, as well as other members of the shirai ryu clan. as he goes to gather water, assassins from the lin quay clan, led by by han, invade and kill the other villagers. bai han goes to hanzo's home to threaten his family with his ice powers. when he hears harumi scream, he runs back to his home and finds her and satoshi frozen to death. he can only briefly mourn before he must defend himself using his own blade. he fights off and slaughters the other assassins before going after by han. the two fight heavily until by han drives a blade deep into hanzo's shoulder. he tells his killer to remember his face. hanzo then hears the sound of his baby daughter crying in his home. he tries crawling toward the house, but he dies. we see a dragon-shaped mark on his arm before his body burns up and disappears. [Music]. a bolt of lightning strikes and outsteps master raiden. he takes hanzo's daughter with him to another realm. text appears, stating that earth realm is under threat of attack from outworld, unless selected champions from the hisashi bloodline can step forward. jump ahead to the present day, where cole young is set to compete in an mma fight, with only his wife ally and daughter emily to support him. during the fight, cole gets in a few hits, but is ultimately pinned down by his opponent. despite emily's attempts to lift her dad's spirits, cole ultimately taps out before he is choked into unconsciousness. after the fight, cole is approached by a man named jax briggs, who notices that coal has a mark on his chest similar to the one seen on hanzo. cole dismisses it as nothing more than a birthmark. meanwhile, cole is also plagued by a vision of hanzo surrounded by flames in outworld. by han now going by sub-zero, approaches his master, shang tsung. as they are making plans to overtake earth realm. they know that a descendant of hanzo is alive, but sub-zero sees no threat. cole and ali take emily out for dinner. when it appears to start snowing, despite being july, the table around emily freezes, and sub-zero starts making his way down the street. he brings hail down on the people, but cole gets emily to safety. the family is saved by jax, who drives them away and shows coal that he has the same dragon marking on his body. jax gets the youngs to safety and tells cole to find sonia blade. jax goes off to face sub-zero on his own, but the foe proves to be a real threat when he freezes jax's gun before freezing and shattering both of his arms and leaving him for dead. cole has ali and emily get somewhere safe while he seeks out sonia. he tracks her down to a junkyard, where she initially attacks him, until cole shows her the mark and says, jack sent him. sonia brings cole into her trailer where she explains to him that sub-zero has been after other people who bear the mark. sonia doesn't have it, but jax does. after they came across a super-powered target that jax fought who already had the mark. and after killing the man, the mark passed itself onto jack's sonja's research has led her to find out about an ancient tournament known as mortal kombat. sonya has captured a ruthless mercenary named kano, who also has the mark and worked for the black dragon clan. moments later, sonia's home is attacked by shang tsung's henchman, reptile. the creature uses camouflage to attack, but kano gets free and punches his fist through reptile's chest, pulling out his heart. with her research destroyed in the attack, sonia doesn't know what the next move is, until kano states that he knows she is trying to make it the temple of raiden, and he knows where it is. sonia lies to kano and offers him three million dollars to help guide her and coal to the location. they head off into the desert where they are met by one of raiden's champions, lu kong, who has fire abilities. he explains to them the urgency of defending earth realm since they have lost nine of the mortal combat tournaments, and one more loss means shang tsung can arrive to conquer it. blue kong shows that he has rounded up the remaining champions that he could, including jax, who is still unconscious from his fight with sub-zero. blue kong assures sonia that the other people working in the temple will do what they can do heal jax. blue kong brings cole sonia and kano to meet raiden, who is unimpressed by them. before they begin training. shang tsung arrives at the temple with sub-zero and his demonic henchwoman, molina. as sub-zero attacks lu kong, he is saved by his cousin, kung lao. prepares his own attack, but raiden steps out to remind him that it is forbidden to claim victory before the tournament has begun. he then creates a force field around the temple to prevent the outworld villains from continuing their attack, forcing them to leave. lou begins to train the champions by helping them unlock their inner power, or arcana, which is why he has fire powers and raiden has lightning powers. sonia is not allowed to join the others because she is not one of the chosen champions. she goes to jax's side where he is awake, and discovers he has mechanical arms. although he attempts to make use of them, he feels useless and weaker with them. cole and cano get their asses beat by liu kong and kung lao. lu kong tries to help coal achieve his arcana by figuring out what it is that drives him. the fighters have dinner where kano runs his mouth too much, and lu kong and kung lao antagonize him by stating he is impulsive and powerless, making him an unworthy fighter. kano snaps, which actually activates his arcana and causes him to fire a laser beam from his right eye. cole later talks to raiden about the dragon marking. raiden explains to cole that he has descended from hanzo's bloodline, specifically from the baby that raiden rescued in the beginning. he also tells cole that the vision he sees is hanzo wandering through hell, waiting for the day he can get his revenge on sub-zero. when cole feels that he is not a worthy champion, raiden opens the portal to send him back to earth realm to be with ali and emily. shang tsung gathers more fighters for his next attack, including the demon natara, the monstrous prince guro, the brutish raco and the mercenary kabul, who has a personal grudge with kano, since they used to work together with the black dragon clan, and kano left kabul for dead, forcing him to wear his special new suit. kabul does also feel that kano would be a good ally for shang tsung's army. kabul meets kano at the temple and convinces him to defect and join forces with shang tsung. he uses his laser to destroy the force field. shang tsung and his minions attack the temple, while guro goes after coal in his family. in the attack, sonia fights molina, but the latter chooses not to kill sonia because she is not a chosen one and feels her death would be a waste. kabul fights liu kong and overpowers him. jax fights raco, but is overpowered, and the brute knocks him and sonja out before attempting to crush them under a boulder. jax tries to lift the boulder off sonia, which helps him find his arcana and causes the arms to grow in size and strength. natara swoops down for an attack, but kung lao fights her and performs a fatality by using his metal hat as a buzzsaw, slicing natara in half down the middle. meanwhile, guro is laying coal into the dirt until he starts to make his way toward ali and emily, feeling the need to protect his family, cole's arcana is unlocked, with his body being covered in golden armor and allowing him to create blades to help him fight guru, first slicing off one of his forearms and then impaling him through the eyes to kill him. raiden senses this and summons cole back to the temple, revealing his bloodline to shang tsung and sub-zero. raiden prepares to bring the champions to the void for protection, but shang tsung grabs kung lao and sucks his soul out, killing him and forcing lu kong to watch. lu kong mourns his cousin, while the rest of the heroes try to figure out a strategy for fighting shang tsung's forces. raiden presents coal with hanzo's kanai that was recovered after his death, and he encourages coal to use it. cole decides that they should take on the villains in the style of a tournament. raiden teleports the champions to take on their respective opponents. jax is sent to fight raco with his new arms. although reiko tries to bring jax down with his warhammer, jax disarms him and uses his arms to turn racos head into paste. sonia is sent back to her trailer to fight kano, which ends with her impaling him through his eye. and his marking is passed down to her. as cole is fighting molina, sonja comes to help and uses her newfound arcana powers to fire a plasma beam from her arms to blast a hole through molina's stomach. blue kong faces kabul again and uses his own fatality a fire dragon move that consumes kabul and burns him to a crisp sub-zero goes to earth realm and finds ally and emily, where he freezes them alive. coal is summoned to fight sub-zero, but the villain proves to overpower him. when cole's blood touches the canine, this brings hanzo back from hell where he is revived as scorpion. he returns to battle his nemesis. with cole's help, scorpion uses his heat to revive ally and emily, before managing to trap sub-zero and use his own firepowers to burn sub-zero to death, before going back. scorpion thanks cole for freeing him and asks him to keep his bloodline alive. appears once more to retrieve the bodies of his fighters, meaning they may be brought back to life. but raiden banishes him back to outworld. raiden then tells his champions that they are victorious, but they must gather more fighters for when shang tsung plans his next attack. cole is at the gym where he normally fights and tells the promoter he is finally quitting and going to hollywood. when asked, what's in hollywood, cole says, not what. who. the camera then pans over to show who cole is looking for, superstar fighter, johnny cage. 