38 days have passed since i killed my brother. waiting a long time for this. i'll be okay. i followed the code. dope's tailing me. my life's been all jekyll and no hide. my brother would be so disappointed. welcome back, morgan. thanks. deborah. can't sleep in an empty house anymore. i guess that's what happens when your fiance tries to slice you up. rita, i'm not doing real good in here. okay, will you help me? i found the [ __ ] shoe. okay, some guy named little chino. she wants you to find little chino and kill him like a dog. paul's dead, and i could have helped him a mountain to climb. i need this one. i don't normally experience failure. two treasure hunters made a ghastly discovery today when they stumbled on what appears to be an underwater graveyard. means there might be a new mass murderer out there, way worse than the ice truck killer. we'll get you into a program. we'll get you the help you need, and i will be there for you. harry was right. nothing stays buried, perhaps not even me. we're a team, and our first play is iding those bodies. i'm dexter, and i'm not sure what i am. my sponsor really? where masuka found microscopic algae inside the garbage bags with the bot bay harbor. butcher used him to weigh his bags down, or assuming he picked him up where he docks his boat. don't make me do it. curtis, this is my mother gail. he's hiding something dead brush. actually, i'm gabriel. you're going to tell me or your deepest, darkest secrets, or the person is a person just like me, like you evil. this woman sees me. she doesn't know it, but she's looking behind the mask, and she's not turning away. we have to catch them in the act at the shipyard. he's gonna find out, and then he's gonna kill me. harry knew my mother. maria, this is my department. i need to know that you were fit for duty. that's my job as a lieutenant. three men arrested for those murders. yeah. once deceased, one stone. life without possibility. open case santos ximena's 1970. did you have to soar in the little pieces? did you have to leave two little boys soaking in a pool of their mother's blood. tell her, i don't care what you did. i'm no longer sure who made me what i am. funny thing is, i've met someone who doesn't care. what about coral cove? the algae on the rocks sent us there. if i were you, i would seriously consider moving yourself. there's no blood traces on my boat. i'm going to order 24-hour surveillance on this marina and the two others. your brother's a junkie. are you high? he's never even smoked a cigarette, according to check-in. imagine meet his face if i told her that you and i had spent the night together in a hotel. it's over. dexter me how much 300 bricks, give or take. he crossed the line, lieutenant. he broke into my lab. he's probably gonna start tailing me again. followed him to an a meeting that [ __ ] lied about. that too. i respect him. you love him. no, it's like my dad. you're the one who said, i'm supposed to feel my feelings. yeah, well now i'm telling you to get them under control. how could you do this to rita? not to mention her kids like rita broke up with me, okay? cause when you're around, i kind of feel like i can deal with anything. you know, morgan, it's time to make dukes go away. sergeant jokes is an administrative league pending internal affairs investing. i was working on my piece, didn't it just caught the fire. i was so scared. promise me that you won't believe me, that you said he might be one of us. butcher is one of our own. i need to embrace who i am. i need to kill the man who murdered my mother. [Music] a secret cabin in the middle of the everglades. what more could a rededicated serial killer ask for? [Music] to get out of the house, call the police that someone was in this house. stay away from rita. stay away from me. what do they have on me? they found something in your car. sorry, it doesn't change the fact you've slept with another woman. our primary suspect is someone you know. well, sergeant james doakes, he had the slots. from here on out, we'll want a protective detail on you at all times. you know me, maria, that's not me. don't you disappear on me. you see me. bro are you pissed or something about laila and me. lyle's just using you to get at me. he may be your ex-partner. he may be your best friend. what he is to me is a suspect. jesus christ, you're the bae harbor butcher. what's it gonna be? boy? kill me now, set me free. does this mean we're dating again? what really pisses me off is you might be right. i don't need doakes dead. i just need his fingerprints to complete my frame job every saturday. [Music]. jesus, i want to know if there's anything unusual about my father's death. he killed himself dexter. tomorrow they'll find a morbid little surprise. hate that harry walked in on what he created, couldn't live with himself. a woman named lil attorney has filed sexual assault charges against him. why could you just let me go because i'm your real filmmaker. mission accomplished. one more nail and docx's coffin. did they find dopes? no, not yet. but the search grid's closing in previous destination. who's out there? anybody out there? you've arrived at your destination. it's stokes. you [ __ ] hate the guy. i need to beat them to that cabin. his name is dexter morgan, because i found out that he's a [ __ ] bihar butcher. please just open this [ __ ] gate. it's evident, and i saw it happen. no wonder he is. so shut down the [ __ ] are you doing? what the [ __ ] are you doing? i think a propane tank exploded. this is where the butcher did his dirty work. it was a perfect location for a killer victim. sergeant doakes dental records confirmed it. stove was on. it was in the official fire investigators report this morning points to james doakes as the bay harbor butcher. if someone stole my gps, it would have led them straight to dunks. i'm just like you. even with dogs gone, i'm starting to think it's too dangerous for me here. i need to move on and disappear. what the [ __ ] i came to make sure lila left town. i better be on my way then. uh, i think that's my bag. i must have left it last time i was here. deborah, i just got a call from dc. a pattern of bodies was identified in oregon. you do me a favor and buy me a goddamn ticket on your flight. i'm going home to pack. where are the kids? i can't remember. hey, i'm just, i'm getting in a cab. the cody and astor are missing. did you call the police? the dexter said to call you. hi, dexter, hey dux. hey guys. you having fun? go run. find out it's over. now they're safe, you're safe. so this is my new path, which is a lot like the old one, only mine. you 