in today's video, we will go through the events of 2021's horror mystery spiral. spoilers ahead. you have been warned. make sure to give this video a thumbs up, comment on what your favorite part was, and subscribe to our channel for more. detective marv boswick is an off-duty cop enjoying the 4th of july parade. he walks into the crowd as a man in front of him steals a woman's purse and runs away. boswick chases the thief in an attempt to catch him. the thief runs down a sewer drainage pipe, while boswick follows him. there he is distracted by a mannequin, when a man with a pig mask attacks him from behind. when boswick opens his eyes, his hands are cuffed behind him. his tongue is suspended to a metal trap. and he stands in a chair in the middle of a working subway track. his tongue and hands both are bleeding. when a recorded message plays on a device, boswick is given a choice via the recorded message, tear out his tongue and live, or remain until the next train arrives and die. boswick tries his best to release his tongue, but is unable to escape the track in time. he is hit by the train and killed. according to the message, this is his punishment for lying and falsely putting people in jail. detective ezekiel zeke banks is assigned to a new rookie partner, william shank, by the police captain angie garza. zeke is a solo worker and doesn't like partner william, but is forced to work with him. they are assigned the case of marv boswick's death. the duo bonds on their way to the crime scene. william has a family with a kid and a wife, while zeke has a son and is going through a divorce. when they reach the location, they are horrified to see boswick's dissected body. they have not found out his identity yet, but seeing his face distorted, they know it will be a difficult task. when they get back to the station, zeke receives a package. inside is a pen drive that says, play me. a video plays of a man saying that he is there to help the police and remind them of their oath, and that one officer from the station has refused to be reformed. the background of the video is the wall of the courthouse building with a red spiral spray painted on it. the detectives suggest the person doing this is a jigsaw copycat. jigsaw used to be a famous criminal known for similar kinds of criminal activity, but he has been dead for years. the detectives go to the courthouse to investigate. in the window beside the sign is a package of the same sword. zeke opens it to reveal a tongue inside. along with the tongue is a police badge. they find the badge belongs to detective boswick. the dental report identifies that the dead body found was indeed boswig's. the whole squad gathers at the station to discuss the murder. zeke doesn't get along with his colleague, detective fitch and the rest of the team, but they keep their differences aside for the case. zeke is the leader of the team. for this case, boswick used to be one of zeke's family friends. he goes to boswick's house to meet boswick's wife, cara. zeke's wife, lisa is there too. kara tells zeke that a few days ago, a black suv was in front of their house. bosweek has gotten into an argument with the person inside. she provides him with boswick's ipad and laptop and requests him to find the culprit. when zeke gets home, his father and a former police officer, marcus banks, sits in his kitchen. marcus invites zeke for dinner that day to go over the case. he and zeke do not have a good relationship. several years ago, zika turned in his co-detective for killing a witness for wanting to testify against another cop. detective fitch had ignored his backup calls, resulting in him being shot. after the incident, zeke did not trust anyone from the team anymore, and still prefers working alone. except in this case, he does not have a choice. the copycat jigsaw killer is extremely dangerous. the team investigates the case the whole day, but does not find anything useful. detective fitch and his partner find a video of bose wick chasing the thief before his death from a surveillance camera of a gun shop, but they do not inform zeke and investigate the case further themselves. fitch knows the thief from the video. his name is benny, writes fitch goes to meet him alone. he finds a pig mask there. as he tries to call back up, he is strangled by someone. when he wakes up, he is in a water basin. his head is inside a cage, and his fingers are wired to an electric device. he tries to free himself, but to no avail. a video plays in front of him that says he should rip his fingers out to free himself, or else he will get electrocuted. he is there because he had once killed a man, just because he insulted him. fitch is unable to escape, so he dies later that night, william finds out that boswick had the highest number of cases where he had lied in the courthouse. he tells zeke about it. that is why the killer placed his tongue outside the courthouse. zeke goes to his father's for dinner, but he is not there. the next day, another parcel of the same sort arrives for zeke. inside is another pen drive. the video is of a car with the same red spiral spray painted on it. in front of it is a toy pig. they know the place is two blocks away from the station. this is the place where fitch had killed that man. the cops reached there and open the car door to reveal a dead pig inside. there is also another package. inside the package are fitch's fingers. they detect fitch's last location and go there to find his dead body in the water basin. they find out that fitch was searching for a man named benny rights. zeke and williams go to search for him, but are unsuccessful. then they go to see zeke's old partner, pete. he was the one zeke snitched on about killing an innocent man. zeke thinks pete is doing all this to take revenge on him, but pete doesn't reveal anything. that night, zeke goes to his father's apartment, but he is still not there. the following day, another delivery of the same sort comes into the station. zeke opens it to reveal an amputated head of a pig. a note inside says, don't let me get under your skin. they take the head out to see a piece of human skin on the box. the skin has the same tattoo as williams did, making zeke believe that williams was the next victim. inside the skin is a bottle of constantine paints. this leads the detectives to a meat shop which zeke and his dad used to visit years ago. there they find a corpse that had been skinned. they assume it is williams. zeke is confused as to who would do this. captain angie is at the station when she gets a message from marcus banks asking her to come down to the basement in the cold case room. when she enters the room, a man wearing a pig mask appears in front of her. she tries to run away, but the door is locked. then the room starts to fill with gas. from behind angie, someone attacks her. when angie wakes up, she is tied to a system with a sheet on her face. a tape recorder plays, which says that angie has been covering the corruption of her police friends for a long time. now it is her turn to cover her face. hot boiling wax will drip down to her face in a few seconds, and the only way for her to escape is by severing her spinal cord. angie struggles to free herself as the hot wax pours on her face. in the end, she dies. zeke and the squad are called to the scene where another police officer was attacked, but it was just to distract them from angie. zeke soon realizes this and runs to get angie. he and detective o'brien reach the basement, but it is too late. they come out to check the footage from the surveillance camera. a few seconds of footage is missing. someone has cleared it from the system. they check the entry login and find that williams and marcus banks had entered into the system. detective o'brien accuses marcus of being the one behind everything, which angers zeke. he goes back to pete's, but he isn't there. he has been calling marcus, but he doesn't pick up the call. suddenly, someone attacks zeke from behind. when he wakes up, he is in a warehouse, handcuffed to a pipe. he sees someone chained to the ceiling. zeke unlocks the coughs with a bobby pin nearby. he checks on the person with him and sees that it is pete. zeke tries to unlock him, but pete is tightly chained. there is a cassette hung to his neck. zeke plays it. it says that the only way to save pete is by finding a key, a system of machine starts. zeke soon realizes that it is a large glass crushing machine which has been modified to hurl shrapnel at him and pete at high speed. it starts bombarding glass pieces of peat, but zeke cannot do anything. the machine stops for a while. just then zeke finds the key, but peter dies before he can free him. zeke is injured from the glass pieces too. he goes down the warehouse and enters a room to see none others than william standing in front of him. zeke is shocked, but soon realizes that this was all william's doing. william is actually the child of the innocent man pete had killed all those years earlier. he had come back to avenge the police system. he lied about everything, including his family and his real name. now he has abducted zeke's father as well. he asks zeke to partner with him to remove all the corrupt officers in the system. zeke agrees to do it if william lets his father go. william hands him a gun and calls the swat team, telling them that a man with a gun is attacking the place. he then takes zeke to a room where his father is suspended from the ceiling. this is zeke's final test. he is handed a gun. marcus is tied to a system where his blood is being sucked out of his body and into jars. the only way to shoot him is to shoot a target on the ceiling that will bring him down. william gives zeke options to either save his dad or kill william. his gun has only one bullet. zeke chooses to save his father, then he begins to fight williams. shortly after, the swat team arrives. what zeke doesn't know is that the swat team breaking through the door is going to cause a mechanical shift that will pull marcus up again. as the team gets in, they trigger a tripwire, causing marcus's restraints to yank him upward again. then marcus's arm moves by itself, pointing the gun attached to it at the swat team. his body is like a puppet. the swat team mistakes him for the shooter and shoots him several times, eventually killing him. zeke screams in anguish as william escapes. thanks for watching. make sure to like and comment on the video if you enjoyed it, and subscribe to the channel to see more of these movie summaries 