hello. my name is Steven, and today I'm going to talk about the usual suspects. a criminal Dean Keaton, is lying badly wounded on a ship docked in San Pedro Bay. he is confronted by a mysterious figure whom he calls Kaiser, who shoots him dead and sets fire to the ship. the next day, the police recovered 27 bodies and only two survivors, Akash kovash, a Hungarian mobster hospitalized with severe burns, and Roger verbal Kint, a con artist with cerebral palsy. u.s. customs agent dave kujan flies from New York City to interrogate verbal. the events that led Keaton, Michael McManus, Fred Fenster, Todd Hockney and verbal on to the ship have been described by verbal via flashback. six weeks earlier in New York, verbal and the other four criminals were arrested as suspects in a truck hijacking, only to be released thanks to Edie Finneran Keaton's lawyer and girlfriend. they then decided to pull a heist to get revenge on the NYPD. led by Keaton, they robbed a jewel smuggler being escorted by corrupt cops, netting millions in emeralds and getting over 50 cops arrested. they then went to California to fence the jewels through a man named red foot, who connects them with another jewel heist. the heist goes badly, and the men learned that the job was arranged by a lawyer named kobayashi. they meet Kobayashi, who says he arranged for their arrests in New York, and that his employer, Keyser s\xc3\xb6ze, a mysterious Turkish crime lord whom each of the men have unwittingly stolen from, has ordered them to raid a ship man by Argentinian drug dealers and destroy 91 million dollars worth of cocaine being sold on board. their reward will be the cash broth of the exchange and being freed from Suzie's influence. during ko bashes interrogation, it is learned that there was no cocaine on the ship and that Soze was seen on board. Birbal then tells kujan a legend about Soze, that he had murdered his own family when they were being held hostage by Hungarian mobsters and then massacred the mobsters and their families before disappearing, doing business only through underlings who did not know who they were working for. Soze thus became a fearsome urban myth, a spook story that criminals tell their kids at night. concluding his story, verbal reveals Fenster was killed to flee. the men then threaten Kobayashi, only to accept the assignment when he threatened their loved ones. the men attacked the ship during the knife killing several Argentinian and Hungarian gangsters before discovering there is no cocaine, pop me a prisoner in one of the cabins. McManus and then Keaton are killed by an unseen assailant who sets fire to the ship. as verbal looks on from the hiding place on the dock. fujian deduces that Keaton must be Soze, as the prisoner killed on the ship was arturro Marquez, a smuggler who escaped prosecution by claiming he could identify Soze. Marquez was being represented by Edie Finneran, who has also been recently murdered. kujan claims that the Argentinians took Marquez to sell him to Susie's Hungarian rivals. Cleavon then used the assault so that he could kill Marquez personally and faked his own death. verbal finally confesses that Keaton had been behind everything, but refuses to testify in court. berbils bail is posted and he is released moments later. couldn't realizes that verbal fabricated his entire deposition, piecing together details for his story from items posted on a crowded bulletin board in the office. he also realizes that the name kobayashi came from the brand on the bottom of the coffee mug that he was drinking from. meanwhile, furball walks outside, gradually losing his limp and flexing his supposedly disabled hand. as fujian pursues verbal, a fax arrives from the hospital where kovash has finally provided a facial composite of Soze, which looks exactly like verbal kujan missus verbal by moments as the ladder disappears into a car driven by kobayashi. thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. 