[Music]. welcome to the Braden. will we break down all the controversial movies today? we were visit of film I did a while ago called kids, one of Larry Clark's films that has been called a wake-up call to the world. the film details the delinquent Adventures of telly and his friend Casper, played by the late Justin Pierce. I've seen Justin Pierce firstly, from the film next Friday, where he played a pothead. but sadly, Justin left his world by his own hand back in 2000. telly and Casper are both like sex freaks, but seemingly have a fetish for girls who haven't had sex before. so I should say that the purpose of this video and the series is to recap controversial and extreme film. so if you see it before and is expecting the conceptual or insightful video, then you are in the wrong place. so we now can see what happens on the grain on kids, which has a screenplay written by Harmony Korine, the creator of gumbo and many other weird films. if you want to see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned. we'll put a breakdown [Music]. kid starts off with our main character, telly, swapping tongue with this unnamed girl. it's unsure how Hotel he is, but maybe a teen or a little younger. but the girl is for sure 12 or 13. right? chill with this ugly ass, kissing, but you know how kids are. till he tells her he wants to have sex, but she's like, she don't want to have a baby. to get her panties off, he uses his tired as game, also promising it won't hurt this promise persuades the girl to have sex. and it's during the sex that telly reveals that virgins are the most pleasurable and safest sexual encounter for him. also, even though he promised he didn't hurt her. cries fall on deaf ears. after the sex, telly leaves swiftly, obviously, the sex is all he cared about. outside waiting is his homeboy, Casper, who, it's like a twisted version of my homeboys smoke. shout out to him. I know he watching. but Casper gets the fresh scoop on this sexual encounter telly had. the conversation between the two has a tragic comic tone. will tell y'all, like Casper's burbage gonna be pretty funny sometimes. but the way he until he brag about virgins. even smelling the lingering coochie that Telly's finger still has got me looking at both these cats weird. most of this careless conversation pains telly is a dirty bastard for wanting to have sex with pubescent, virgin girls and having complex fantasies about it. to deflowering the girl gives telly and Casper a sense of strength, knowing that they are the only ones that did take that virginity. the next plan is to shoplift from an Asian store owner. well, Teli distracting him, saying, you happen to have to stick what is this thing? said, this dick [ __ ]. these kids are on. Nathan Drake thievery. the two didn't head to a friend's apartment looking for drugs, food and fun times. outside, though, Caspar gives this little girl one of the peaches he stole. they hop in their homeboys crib, who were all watching skateboard videos and doing whippings on the phone. don't tell he gets the message from a girl named Ginny, another girl he has sex with and ditched. she is played by a famous controversial film actress named Chloe Sevigny. she also played his dot in the film gumbo, that we have a video on his will. Ginny is a bit angry at him for ditching her, but virginity and all that is just something so precious for this group of girls. they all want to get they [ __ ] on. both boys and girls talk about their sexual encounters. sometimes the boys might say something that the girls will contradict later. for example, the boys might say, man, y'all know girls love giving it, but the girls might say, I hate giving here, stuff like that. looks like sex and partying or all that. these kids really know. the conversation then shifts to AIDS and sexual diseases. and Ruby here, play by you know who that is, describes how a week ago, she and Jenny got tested. let's flashback to last week. Jenny had unprotected sex with just one person, who we know was telly. Ruby had sex with like nine people. she even did some anal more than half of those times. seven days later, we'll reveal the results of the test. and that day is today. meanwhile, telly and Kasper tell more vulgar stories. as they go to the subway, they skeptical away for the Train, finding a blind musician. very interesting. meanwhile, again, Jenny and Ruby are waiting for the results of their tests. Ruby is called in first, and Jenny is called in next. Ruby, despite all her sexual Inspira PSA's, is lucky and tested negative for any ST jinnie, however, tested positive for HIV, even though she's only had sex with one person. in other words, telly gave her HIV. that would surely affect our well-being and cause other burdens. I understand that now it's probably a lot better to live with HIV, but during that time, was it a lot scarier? or maybe even a death sentence? anyway, I'm not sure about the transmission rate of HIV, but I'm sure this could mean that the young girl from the beginning possibly has HIV too. while Ginny takes in the bad news, Tilly and Casper on the train, where Tilly mentions that he wants to have sex with another 13-year old girl named Darcy. verse. they plan on going home into the park, but their conversation gets stopped watching a man with no legs singing while the nympho duo ride to the next stop. jenny is desperately trying to cope with the bad car she was dealt she finds a goal in locating Tilly to tell him the bad news and also prevent him from spreading it. telly and Casper later go to Telly's place, telling his mom that they was trying to find jobs. Tilly asked for money, while Casper just stares at her breastfeeding. but since she said no to the money, they steal it from her purse, along with playing around with her other belongings. they then go to Tilly's room, talking more about Darcy and if she might be at the NASA club. now, the plan is to go to the park to get drugs and look for Darcy. a tribe called quest's song, oh my god, plays while they trade for drugs in the park, eventually hanging out with a crew that rolls deep. the most important figure in this group though, is Harold. he's gonna be along for some more crazy things that will happen tonight. telly dips to ask where Darcy is. but one thing that sucks is that Casper and his whole crew verbally bullies this gay couple doing none but walking Casper. then start skating, but accidentally runs. it's a Dave Chappelle. it turns almost to a fight between them, but Harold hits them from behind, and everybody jumps. the man getting jumped and beat so disrespectfully, it's so [ __ ]. like, honestly, I don't know how people can feel so tough after jumping somebody. if it was a fair fight, I'm sure the Kasper would have been on the ground snoozing though. meanwhile, Ginny is riding in a taxi, but the driver notices her upset face. according to her, everything is wrong in [ __ ] right now. but the man is like, not everything. the Sun still shining. you woke up this morning. not everything messed up. he says, if you want to be happy, don't think or don't complicate things. I'm glad they included this man into a movie. NYX, tell me closeout for Darcy outside her house. and here she is, obviously smitten by this mole-rat head ass dude. the plan is to go swimming real quick before they have a party with some associates. they do wonder if they killed that man earlier when they jumped him. it definitely was a tough assault. Darcy and them didn't sneak us out of someplace to swim, still completely mobile. as Jenny looks for them, tele spits his tired ass game learning. Darcy's mom is pretty over protective over her. the fact that she is here though shows that his [ __ ] things get a bit crazy in the pool. but overall, the two agree to go to some party tonight. while the party is setting up, Jenny is in the NASA Club, assuming telly is there. she walks around looking for him, but she gets intercepted by this crazy kid named fidget. fidget is played by Harmony Korine. he shows her amazing sexual exploitation, but then gives her some pills that makes Special K look weak. we see later is a depressant. as Jenica shrugged up. here's that party that Tilly was talking about I've been mentioning before. but Casper becomes more dislikable as the film went on, especially when he acted like this. he was kind of funny at first, but as other people in the film questioned his attitude, so did I. sex is also held in high regard with these young people, but it was like that when I was in Middle School. in high school, too, lying about sex seems to make some people, like this kid here, fit in. telly ain't in a party yet, though, but the search is pretty much halted because jenny is under the effects of that pill. soon though, a girl tells her that Tilly is at a party we just saw. and so she slowly makes her way to the party til he gets closer to his goal. outside the party, while everybody is doing sexual things, these three kids are getting lit. it's hard for me to not see my little brother in his group. he would get slapped. ironically, though, it's an older brother of one of these kids that has enabled this scene. on the rides of the party, Ginny workpiece to herself that she won't die. do you think she means because HIV was terrible at that time, or that the drug has her feeling more sicker than anything? probably both. at the party, everybody is passed out, but telly brings in Darcy to have sex with her. she comes into the party room as the other to get kissing. she says she's kind of scared, like the girl in the beginning. sadly, though, they get to sex, and Jenny see that she was too late. unless things happen. she then goes to the couch crying herself to sleep. Casper wakes up from her party, grace walking around the Rowan hotel and drinking any leftover beer. he sees Tilley and Darcy asleep, but then goes to the couch, sitting next to Jenny. he sees a lot of people got busy tonight, except for him. he tests to see if Jeannie's awake, but she is, pretty much, I'm responsible. sadly, he takes advantage of her drug-fueled slumber by sodomizing her without her consent, but also exposing himself to HIV as well. next random frames, assists telly as he speaks in a voiceover. he explains how [ __ ] is what he loves, and take that away and he's got nothing. the movie ends as Casper wakes up after that party, giving an unscripted and improvised line as a result of that crazy party. so the reason why this film is on this channel is because it was controversial, especially since we have kids doing drugs and in doing other sexual stuff. but I like this movie because kids really do be like this, especially back in the 90s, the threat of getting an STD is scary enough to just use your hands to pleasure yourself, but so many dudes out here find masculinity and confidence and habitually having sex. well, that was kids, but we are done yet. now let's talk about the most disturbing moment. animals enjoy a moment, and that spooky stuff. cue to go home. [Music]. have you ever heard that song guilty conscience by Eminem? it's like a song where dr. dre plays the good conscience, while Eminem plays the bad conscience. and they mention this movie when a situation similar to what Kasper did at the end comes up. so let's get right into it. the most disturbing is probably somewhere in between Ginny's assault and realizing that the girl from the beginning could have HIV. now it sucks to see young people have their lives sort of damaged from doing things that, at the end of the day, don't really matter. the most enjoyable it was probably a mix of caspere's character and that taxi guy who told Jenny to keep a smile on her face. so I hope you guys liked this recap of kids, but I still think this is one of those movies you should watch for yourself one day here. on the left is harmony careens found gum oh, another film showing nihilistic individuals living in Xenia, Ohio. on the right is another Larry Clarke film titled kin park. another family boss, sexually excited teens who all have bad home lives. thanks for watching. spooky out 