an ambitious young executive is sent to retrieve his company's ceo from an idyllic but mysterious wellness center at a remote location in the swiss alps, but soon suspects that the spa's miraculous treatments are not what they seem. welcome to movie splain. in today's video, we'll be recapping a dark horror film released in 2017, called a cure for wellness. enjoy the video. in the opening scene, a man named morris is working late in his office. he starts to experience pain in his chest. morris goes to get some water. when the pain gets worse, he then suffers a heart attack and collapses on the floor. as he dies. we meet mr lockhart on a train headed to work. he is very much into his work and seems rude and careless to others. lockhart goes to a meeting with the higher ups, hank green, hollis and wilson. they review a note sent by the company's ceo, roland pembroke, who was supposed to be away for two weeks at a spa in the swiss alps, but has not returned since. and as the note indicates, he appears to have had some sort of breakdown. green shows lockhart in a legal document he handed and that is now under investigation. lockhart is ordered to bring pembroke back unless he wants to face the penalty for his action. in a flashback, we see lockhart visiting his elderly mother at her retirement home. she carries a small music box with a ballerina that she says is dreaming, only she doesn't know that she is in a dream. lockhart's mother dies and is cremated before his departure, and he kept the ballerina. upon arriving in switzerland, lockhart takes a ride from a taxi driver named enrico. while riding up the hill to the spa, a villager chucks a drink at the car, and ricco explains that the villagers have a bad history with the people that reside on the hill. there is a 200 year old story of a baron who lived on the land the spa was built. he was a racist, a fascist, and he believed that his bloodline was superior. and so he wanted to protect his bloodline by marrying his sister. after learning she was infertile, the baron began performing experiments on the villagers and peasants, killing them, which led to them revolting and attacking his castle, destroying most of it and burning the baron and his sister alive. dr heinrich valmer's predecessors then purchased the land for medical and rehabilitation use, centered on the reputed rejuvenative properties of the holy waters and the cavernous natural aquifer located within the mountain itself. dr valmer then turned it into a wellness spa. lockhart arrives at the spa, but visiting hours have just ended. lockhart leaves within ricco and tells him to take him to a hotel to make a phone call, since he has no service on the hill. on the way to the hotel, a deer runs out from the woods and into the road, and ricko hits the deer, which gets stuck in the windshield and causes the car to swerve off the road and crash into a ditch. lockhart awakens three days later in a room at the spa. he meets dr heinrich valmer, who is the spa's director, who points out that he suffered a broken leg as a result of the accident. valmer says he notified green about the accident. he tells lockhart to try out the spa's treatments. during his stay, he is put to stay in a room where he hears the toilet handle rattling by itself. lockhart also takes a drink of water and finds a parasitic creature floating in the glass. he finds pembroke in the bathhouse where he goes for a swim. lockhart urges pembroke to go home with him. pembroke appears fine and not interested in leaving. lockhart meets three patients, frank hill, ronnier and victoria watkins. watkins in particular, enjoys crossword puzzles. the three of them all seem perfectly pleased with their treatments. lockhart then meets hannah, a young woman who considers herself a special case. she and several other patients, plus valmer and other staff members, are frequently seen taking vitamin droplets from a blue bottle. lockhart undergoes treatment inside a water tank. the water fills up and the orderly tending to lockhart gets distracted by a nurse. the tank then fills up with eels, causing him to panic. lockhart rises and has his breathing tube pulled off by an eel. he nearly drowns until they open the tank and get him out just in time. he tells them about the eels, but when they look inside, they see nothing there. lockhart is still convinced about what he saw. he meets mrs watkins outside. during their conversation, he relays the story of the baron to her. she seems to know the story well, having read and learnt about the history of the place while doing crossword puzzles. she is also familiar with the rumors surrounding the castle and the baron. she mentions that the spa was built on the remains of his castle after the villagers burnt it down. watkins says that the baron's sister had successfully conceived his child, and the baby was cut out of the baron's sister's womb and then thrown into the aquifer, but it survived. lockhart gives hannah his ballerina figurine in exchange for a bike ride into town. the two go together and stop at a local tavern. lockhart buys himself and hannah beers, and runs into enrico, who survived the crash and was given a new car with money that the spa gave him. hannah stays to listen to music and do a dance by herself in front of the other patrons. lockhart comes across a barn with a mute child who is drawing the castle fire. his father, peter approaches lockhart. lockhart asks questions regarding the spa and its history. peter then goes to a cow that is ailing and ready to die. he cuts the cow's stomach open, and out spills a stillborn calf and some meals. when lockhart rejoins hannah at the bar, lockhart gets in touch with green, who demands to know what happened with him in pembroke. lockhart mentions that valmer called them about the accident. but green knows nothing about the accident until lockhart just mentioned it. he orders lockhart to return to new york with pembroke. within the next 24 hours, he sees a punk dancing next to her. lockhart tries to get him away from her, but the punk attacks lockhart. he is saved by valmer, who arrives to pick up lockhart and hannah. that night, lockhart walks into a room where he sees hannah in a bathtub. he notices that it is full of eels. he wakes up and realizes it was just a dream. lockhart's tooth comes loose, and he pulls it out himself. he brings it to a staff member who places it in water. lockhart then goes off to continue looking for answers. he sneaks past the staff as he goes through several wings. he comes across one room where several patients, including pembroke, are kept inside water tanks, appearing dead. when lockhart tries to return to his room, he is found by the caretaker, along with valmer and another staff member. lockhart mentions the issue with his tooth. he is taken into a room and strapped down as he has a drill force through his front tooth. lockhart escapes the spa and heads into town to report balmer's experiments to a police officer. valmer and his staff member arrived to bring lockhart back. lockhart mentions the tanks and how he saw pembroke. pembroke then emerges, alive and well, backing up valmer's claims that lockhart threatened pembroke in saying he would bring him back to new york by force if necessary. lockhart has no choice but to return with valmer. after undergoing more treatments, lockhart starts to act and think like pembroken that he believes he is not well and must stay for a cure. he has a moment of clarity while writing a note to his employers, where he thinks to himself that no man can unsee the truth. meanwhile, hannah is using the pool and has her first period. eels starts swimming near her, but then they start swimming in a perfect circle around her. lockhart then breaks a glass and uses a shard to cut open his cast, revealing that his leg was never broken. he also finds an underground area with a pool where dead bodies are dumped in and fed to eels. one of those dead bodies happens to be mrs watkins. lockhart encounters the caretaker, who attacks him until lockhart causes steam to blow in his face before he bludgeons the caretaker to death. lockhart finds hannah. she is panicked and hits lockhart in the face as he tries to help her. hannah runs and finds balmer in a room where he the staff and some patients are having dinner. lockhart runs in and starts to tell everyone that valmer is a liar and is the one responsible for everyone being sick due to whatever is in the water, which is responsible for making their teeth fall out as a side effect. patients start to stand which lockhart thinks is in support of him, but they are all actually going against him as they slowly approach him, saying that they are unwell. they all crowd around lockhart until he passes out. lockhart wakes up in a chamber where he is immobile. valmer forces a tube down his throat and uses the eel filled liquid to put into his body, where the eels filter out the vitamins that valmer has all his patients take. lockhart has his teeth fixed and appears to be changed, just like the rest of the patients, stuck in a delusion that he is unwell. valmer throws a party that night with the patients and staff. he even gives hannah a new dress for the occasion. in his room, lockhart starts to come to his senses as he thinks about when watkins told him about the baron. he finds a portrait that was taken a while after the fire. lockhart breaks the portrait and uses a glass to magnify one subject in the picture, a man with bandages all over his face. it was the baron whose skin was burnt in the fire. what the portrait didn't show was the man holding hands with a little girl. it was hannah. it appears somehow that over so many years, she aged slowly into a young woman when she should be dead by now. lockhart then realizes that the baron is balmer, and hannah is his daughter. valmer brings hannah into a room by the transfusion wing. there he has kept a portrait of his sister, who was also hannah's mother. valmer ties hannah to the bed and prepares to undress her. lockhart then interrupts valmer. lockhart and valmer fight, wherein valmer pulls off the skin from his face to reveal himself as the hideously scarred baron. the vitamins he takes that he collects from the patients by forcing eels through their system, have been keeping him and hannah alive for well over a century. 200 years ago, he discovered that the eels that live and breed in the aquifer are a unique species. they could live up to 300 years. the aquifer prolonged their lives, but that same water isn't healthy for human consumption. after studying them intensely, he discovered that forcing the eels into a person's digestive system and collecting the substance their bodies produce makes the youth prolonging effects of the water viable for human use. he kept himself, hannah and his loyal servants alive and ageless for so long so that they could one day come back and continue the experiments on people, this time under the disguise of a wellness spa aimed at wealthy people. hannah, of course, didn't know of any of this, as he kept her in the dark for so long. he intended to force her to conceive his child, bearing what he believes to be a master race. but all the biological tampering, the result of the vitamins, had delayed the onset of puberty for her, until now, that is. lockhart leads valmer into a trap where he dropped a bunch of fuel, leading lockhart to set a fire. valmer catches fire and then sets fire to the curtains as he tries to extinguish himself. the fire then spreads up toward the rest of the castle. lockhart attempts to rescue hannah. he manages to get her hands free before balmer grabs and throws him into a metal rack. valmer kicks lockhart down a flight of stairs to the eel pool. he lifts his head to see pembroke's lifeless body in front of him. valmer then drags him to the pool, about to feed him to the eels, but hannah takes a shovel and swings it down into valmer's head. he stumbles backwards and falls into the pool to become meal food. lockhart and hannah escape just as the patients and staff flee the burning castle. they take hannah's bike and ride away on the road. they are stopped by a car. green hollies and wilson step out, ordering lockhart to get in the car. when they ask about pembroke, lockhart says he is gone. they tell him to get in again, but he refuses. hollies asks lockhart what's wrong with him. lockhart responds that he is feeling much better. he and hannah continue riding away into the night with a sinister grin forming on lockhart's face, you 