[Music]. hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2015 sci-fi adventure film, Jurassic world. so let's get started. the spoiler does require, in part that you've seen the previous films. if you need to see a spoiler for them, check out the link of the cards. the film opens with two brothers, Zack and Gary Mitchell, visiting Jurassic world on ESO Nublar, the site of the original Jurassic Park, with their aunt, Claire dieren, who is the operating manager. we also meet Owen Grady, a ranger who has been training with velociraptors, especially one named blue. the head of engine security, v Hoskins, beliefs that the Raptors can be weaponized. what Owen disagrees Simon must Ronnie, the parks owner, inspects the genetically engineered dinosaur, indominus rex, that was created by dr. henry woo. Owen fears that, because of the genetic engineering and isolation, that the AI Rex may be too dangerous and it eventually escapes its enclosure. miss Ronnie wants to recapture the irax rather than kill it. however, most of the recapture team is killed. Zach and Gary discover a restricted area and are attacked by the AI Rex, but managed to escape into the ruins of the original park, eventually meeting up with Owen and Claire. they eventually return back to the resort. in pursuing the escaped Iraq's, several other dinosaurs are released, and mayhem ensues. security head Hoskins orders that the raptors be used to track the AI Rex, and Owen leads the hunt. they find the AI Rex, and the dinosaurs begin communicating, and the I Rex becomes recognized as the Alpha the Velociraptor pack turning on Owen. hoskin has dr. ruined several dinosaur embryos taken off the island to protect the research. hoskin continues to pack up more embryos, but is killed by a raptor. owen is able to gain control of the raptors again, and they attacked the I Rex, with only blue surviving. Claire lures the park's t-rex into battle with the iraq's. eventually the AI Rex is killed by the park's Mosasaurus. ISA Nublar is abandoned again, and the survivors are evacuated. the film ends with Owen and Claire deciding to stay together. so that was the spoilers for Jurassic world. if you have another film you'd like to see me spoil, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alert under various forms of social media, and remember to Like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 