Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdown all the messed up movies! Today on Screepy Week, is ULTIMATE REVENGE! So I had to pick something where Revenge is the topic! That something we are watching today is Lady Vengeance. Also known as Sympathy for Lady Vengeance! And yes it is apart of the Vengeance Trilogy, starting with Sympathy for Mr Vengeance, then Oldboy, and then Lady Vengeance. I'm not gonna bullshit yall, I wanted a female lead! so Instead we are gonna do the trilogy out of order! plus they aren't narratively connected so its fine! Lady Vengeance is about a fine ass fresh release from an All Girl Prison. Apparently she was imprisoned for 13 years after murdering a little boy! Well...turns out that somebody forced her to take the blame and so our main character Geum-Ja begins to unfold a very intricately planned attempt to serve a cold dish of revenge against the real murderer! You can find this entire movie for free on TubiTV...so I will just get a more general outline of the movie! If you wanna see what happens, including all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the breakdown! Cue the Gohan! Outside of a female only prison, Christian singers and their religious leader sit in wait for an angel! A true angel that is a model to prisoners everywhere! As soon as others are released, they begin their sacred song in wait for their angel! This angel is Geum-ja, who walks upon her audience with a cold face! Firstly lets talk about why Geum-ja went behind bars! 13 years ago when she was 20 years old, Geum-ja apparently kidnapped and killed a little boy named Won-mo. Her young age along with her naive appearance and beauty made her a national sensation! They was even gonna make a movie about her! This man watching a report about Geum-ja's crime sees something good and angelic behind Geum-ja's face, and visits her to inspire a change in lifestyle! Apparently, his visit inspires Geum-ja to become a true angel, a very kindhearted woman who is well known and appreciated by her fellow inmates and watchers outside of those walls! She become probably the greatest prisoner all over the country. After 13 years, she is released and presented with a sacred tofu meal! Once she eats it, its like a promise to live white as snow and never to sin again! But she pushes the food out of the priests hand and rejects it,telling him and his band of santa singers to screw themselves! Geum-Ja has been pretending to be angelic for 13 years! Now I'm not saying she isn't a good person entirely but overall I think she is kinda nuts. I guess It would be good to call her an anti hero. A lot of times throughout the film, she takes it upon herself to revisit all of her old prison peers! It makes you wonder if she only befriended them and helped them so that they would be indebted to her later! This old friend of hers reveals that Geum-ja has a plan that's already been enacted! This plan is to capture the real murderer of the boy that Geum-ja went to jail for. She even has a dream about it, holding a dirty dog of a human and then blowing his head out! Right over the pure white snow and she smiles about it! She still wishes to apologize. Apologize to the parents of the boy who was murdered! Remember yall that boys name is Won-mo. Her apology is cutting off her finger like a yakuza member who cant do shit right, but the parents didn't ask for that and just get her to help fast enough to have it put back on! She wasted all her money on that operation! She has to work at a bakery to get by, next to two creepy guys! Geum-ja visits another fellow released prisoner! One that Geum-ja gave a whole kidney too after the woman was found to have some kind of kidney failure. She\'s like "Then this bitch decides to give me a whole kidney!" This movie is like a mix of Amelie and I Saw the Devil! Well, Geum-ja enlists her and her boyfriends help in creating a special type of gun, the same one she used in her dream killing the dirty dog! The gun is a special type of North Korean spy weapon! It seems that the gun blueprint was hidden in a Buddhist book, so it seems likely she organized it herself. While working at her bakery, Geum-ja comes into contact with the Detective! The one who looked over her case 13 years ago. Like most Asian detectives in films like this, he doesn't believe that Geum-ja murdered the boy because she didn't know facts of the case that the killer would know. This is them arguing 13 years older about it, and Geum-ja had a weird insistence on saying she was the killer. On the way to some kind of weird reenactment of the murder, a man is above egging her on, with a baby in his grasp. During this reenactment, she utilizes the real killers help to figure out how the murder actually went down! Like, the boy Won-mo was smothered with a brown pillow, something she wouldn't know if the real killer didn't point to his brown watch! A year before she went to prison, she was a wild 19 year old who was pregnant. She stays with her old teacher, a man by the name of Mr Baek, played by the same man who played the villain in I Saw the Devil. And Ik he is in Oldboy too. Mr Baek forced Geum-ja to go along with a kidnap for ransom. The person they both kidnapped was Won-mo, however, he was already killed even after the parents payed the ransom! Mr Baek forces Geum-ja to take the blame for the murder, or else her baby girl will be killed next! Also Geum-ja told her coworker this all after some sex. A big reason she hangs around or even gives him attention is because he is 20 years old, the same age she was when she went to jail, and also the same age the murdered boy, Won-mo would be if he lived. Mr Baek put Geum-ja's daughter up for adoption, and she finds out some Australians adopted her and named her Jenny. Geum-ja litterlly catches a flight to Australia to meet her daughter her, who is about 13 years old. They are pretty weird, I mean what is this scene y'all? Keep in mind that Jenny only knows English. Well actually Idk really. I think the actress is multilingual only introspective in Geum-ja's mind. Her mother doesn't want her to come back to Seoul with her, hope I said it right, but after some funny arguing they so happen to go back together anyway. Right as she gets back, Geum-ja receives her special weapon, but its only close range so she gotta be so close to her target that she can see the white in their eyes. Before we continue with what happened after that, lets go back to Geum-ja's jail days. Geum-ja was like a good kingpin! She earned the title "Witch" after she secretly murdered this mean prison bully, by poisoning her with bleach. She was still known as a angel too though. This means that Geum-ja has only murdered once so far, and its not any little kids. Anyway, Geum-ja managed to track down Mr.Baek, the man she is looking for! She also tracks down his current wife, a woman who hates her husband anyway because he is very abusive. They both plot to figure out how to take down Mr Baek, but somebody knows that something is being planned. The priest who visited Geum-ja is seen taking pictures of her, and reports the images back to Mr Baek. Mr Baek is a school teacher btw. Seeing his wife betray him and possibly plan his downfall hurts him, but man eff this preacher though really. Mr Baek gets the services of some thugs to take care of Geum-ja, while he waits for his wife to come cook for him and then he will tie her up! Things are all going according to plan though for Geum-ja! While walking with her daughter, they get attacked and intercepted by those thugs. Geum-ja gets her shit kicked in by the man, like she really got beat, but when he aint looking, she pulls out here vengeance gun and blows his brains right out all over the street! Then she walks towards the guy holding her daughter, cuz remember its close range, and she blows his hand right off! Meanwhile, Mr Baek doesn't realize his plan has failed! He tied his wife up after she made him some food, but unknown to him, his wife tampered the food with some kind of sedative, and he passes right out! Geum-ja drags her daughter into Mr Baek's flat, examining the man who threatened her child and took away 13 years of her life. She frantically cuts his hair out, probably fighting the urge to end him right there until she realizes she's got more to her plan! She and the wife then transport the man to an abandoned school, probably one where Won-mo went, and tie him. He speaks pretty good English, and she uses him at gunpoint to translate an apology and explanation to her daughter! Overall, she believes she is too much of a sinner to take care of her angel daughter, so after she kills this man, she will send Jenny back to Australia! She now has her number one enemy in her grasp though, and is itching to kill him. She intimidates him with the pistol like 40 times! His phone starts to ring though, and she pulls it out, but what she finds is horrifying! She not only finds Won-mo's marble, but she finds the trinkets of at least 3 to 4 other children. This means, that Mr Baek killed more children while Geum-ja was in jail. She loses it, choking him with that remake Jennifer Hills face, stomping him and shooting him in both of his feet! The fact that 4 kids died overall is very bothersome to Geum-ja, and she shows the detective who oversaw her case! Eventually they look through his apartment, finding video tapes of each of the kidnapped and murdered children! I don't know for sure if the children were killed on the tapes, but they were crying alright! I'm guessing they were killed since the Detective gets up after watching to go vomit in the toilet. The detective forgets the law after that! He helps Geum-ja arrange for the parents of each of the murdered children to be sent to the abandoned school where Mr Baek is tied up. They have a confused look at first, until Geum-ja starts to play the video tapes of the children crying. I don't believe she played the actual murder of the children, she seems to cut the tapes off quickly. It's very disturbing to see children crying like that in this sort of position. Where do you get the children to act for these type of scenes! Apparently, Mr Baek would kidnap the children, play a video of him about to kill them, then he would ask for ransom using the video audio to make the parents think the child was still alive. He would get the ransom, quit his teaching job, leave and then start over someplace else. Geum-ja gives the parents two options. Either they can lets Mr Baek go to jail, she'll hand him over to the detective. Or, they can kill him, each taking turns to torture him to death! The parents debate about it, believing a trial is a waste of time. They all decide that maybe they should take matters into their own hands! And just so there is no snitching after, which is someone telling the police about what they did, Geum-ja makes sure to let them know that snitches get stitches. All of their conversations about how they would go inside and torture him were broadcast through a speaker heard in the room Mr Baek was held inside, so he knows he's about to be ended. Each and every family tortures him, stabbing him all over with their wide variety of weapons. The old lady is the last one, and she kills Mr Baek with scissors to the neck! The families then work together to clean up the space, and all take a group photo so that nobody can snitch on anybody else! Next they dig a grave, but Geum-ja didn't really get her any action. She shoots the man twice in the head as they finish his burial. Naw that's not a burial, that's just hiding his body. With her vengeance complete, she begins to both cry and smile viciously after 13 years of planning and waiting! Now....would yall believe me if I said that I didn't know the film was fading to black and white until I got to this part. There are two versions of the film, one with full color and one that fades to black and white! Even the film sets and actor clothes reflect this. I mean, Geum-ja wore a blue jacket earlier but now she has a black leather jacket. When I initially watched the movie it was on TubiTV, so I don't know if the copy my video uses will be black and white but if it isn't then it would be around the time the parents came to the school. After all that murder, the parents and families all sing happy birth to each of their children resting in heaven. In the bathroom, Geum-ja cleans off her red eye shadow, and is done with the vengeance part of her life. Suddenly though, Geum-ja is interrupted by the spirit of Won-mo! He over here using lung killers! She goes to speak with him, but right before she can say anything, he gags her! He wasn't hearing no B.S. He quickly transforms into the age he woulda been had he not died, and walks away. As Geum-ja leaves, she has a cake in her hand. Her coworker follows behind, singing and asking if she is actually going to send her daughter back! She embraces with her daughter in the pure white snow, and shoes her a white tofu cake. Remember, the white tofu cake is a promise to live good like pure white, and sinless. Jenny eats the cake, and offers some to her mom too, but initially she thinks her time to be good is over. Well she retracts that, and the movie ends as Geum-ja devours that white tofu cake! Well its nothing left to say but farewell Geum-ja and the vengeance that overwhelmed you! Now that we got through this film, lets talk about the most disturbed moment, and most enjoyed moment in that SPOOKY STUFF! 