[Music], hello and welcome to another episode of muy. spoiler alert. today we're talking about the 2014 film John wick. so let's get started. so begins on a man named John wick, who just lost his wife and received a new puppy named Daisy to help him cope with her death. after an encounter at a gas station, a group of Russian gang members break into wycked house, beat up wick so his dog and steal his 1969 Mustang. the Russian gang members, led by a man named Yosef, take the car to a chop shop to get the been change, but the owner of the shop, Aurelio, refuses, after recognizing it as John's car, and punches iosef, where stupidities Ilsa's father, a Russian gang leader named Viggo called video to ask how he punched the OSA. Aurelio tell Viggo that a yosef stole John Wick's car. and Viggo immediately understands why Aurelio was so upset. Steagall confronts his son Yosef, explaining that John link is when the best assassins know his Baba Yaga, or the boogeyman, flick these Dwarfs the ego syndicate and killed all of their competitors before settling down to get married. Eko tries to persuade John from going after Yosef, but John refuses. diesel sent the hit squad to John's house, but he kills all 12 men in just a few minutes. do you know that places a two million dollar bounty on John and contacts his mentor Marcus to ask him to also try to kill him. John hides out at a hotel known as the Continental, a hotel that caters to other assassins and members of the criminal underworld, which has a strict rule that no business can be conducted on the premises. beagle doubles the bounty to 4 million for anyone who's willing to break the hotel rules to kill John. at the Continental, John discovers yosef location is at a club, and makes its way to kill him. however, Yosef escapes after John kills several guards. back at the hotel, an assassin known as miss Perkins tries to kill John in his sleep, but his former mentor Marcus has warned him. John mascot was Perkins, and puts her in the care of his friend, Harry Perkins. escaped and killed Harry. John makes his way to a church that Viggo uses as a front for his money and blackmail evidence, which John destroys. all of Vigo is serious. John tries the corner Viggo, but is knocked unconscious and taken to a safe house. eventually, John is saved again by Markus and coroner's we go. John agrees, let me go live if he gives up his son's location and removed Saddam chief. John finds and kills the open market. is tortured and killed for aiding John. Diego calls John to town of the death, hoping to get John to come to Marcus's home so miss Perkins can kill him. Perkins receives a phone call hover from the hotel and is executed for breaking the rules of the Continental. the hotel contacts John toll and know that Eagle is attempting to escape by helicopter. a big fight breaks out with John and Vigo's bodyguards. but John is able to eventually kill everyone, including Viggo. John, who is severely wounded from all the fights throughout the film, stops at an animal clinic to treat his wounds. he sees a pit bull that is going to be euthanized, and takes the dog as his own for a walk on the boardwalk where he and his wife had their last day before she passed. so that was the spoilers for John wick. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoiled, please let me know in the comments below. check out movie spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media listed below. I remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. [Applause]. 