what's going on guys. welcome back for another show. today, I'm going to show you a science fiction film, the rough draft. Kirill is a talent designing computer games. one day he wakes up from a coma finding himself detained in a police car. from that he sees a girl escorted to the ambulance, which reminds him of the unbelievable story happened last night. Kirill dressed himself up in a doll trying to please his girl, alsa, as a birthday surprise. but it ends up Carell mistook her exact birthday. it disappointed also badly, and gave her an excuse to say breakup to him. under the depression, Kirill went back to his company. to his surprise, all his colleagues are cheering for his big success in designing a new game. all of a sudden, he became a superstar in that company. but happy story never lasts long. when he reached his home, as usual, he just found a female stranger living inside and claiming it as her house instead. they soon resorted the dispute to the police. Kirill could not believe the lady, Rana, can even show police the documents indicating that she is the exact house owner. to be worse, the lovely doggie, which is supposed to be his own, could not recognize its real owner either. out of question, Ferrell was kicked out of the house immediately. the next day, with all documents in hand, and the help from his friend koti, Kirill went further to prove his identity before the local government. to his surprise, all proofs he presented only conclude that the house belongs to Rana. his personal information has all been erased from the files. without his identity, the house and money, Ferrell has to go back to the company he worked for and asks his boss for the bonus from the game. but it turns out nobody in that company even knows him. since there's no way out, Kirill tries to contact his parents, but shocked again by the fact told by his so-called parents that they did not bear any kid ever. still being confused and desperate Carell chooses to go back to his former house and want to challenge the current owner, Rana, to tell him the truth. but rather, Rana kills herself on purpose. shocked by the accident, kirill won a rush out for the ambulance, but he was soon hit into coma by a man coming inside. later, kirill wakes up and finds himself detained in the police car. he is shocked again by the following scenario, that the police just set him free for a misdemeanor rather than a murder. he's soon to follow the navigator to abandoned lighthouse and take a nap there. after he wakes up the next morning, he sees everything has been totally changed. Rana, who is supposed to be dead, even walks inside and tells him the shocking truth that the world they are now standing as just one of the parallel worlds in the universe. he happened to open the gate to a new world by designing his game program. he is now chosen as a customs officer to keep guard of the game world. kirill brings cody to the game world and meets his former girlfriend also, who won a head for another world, but also can't recognize kirill this time. so Kirill and Kody have to follow, also to a restaurant where they are attacked by the doll robots. robots keeps their attack, but later stop and leave for unknown reason, next grille finds a seemingly dead victim who cures herself by use of water. only at that time, kirill gets to know that water is the important cure. through the customs officers in these parallel worlds, kirill learns that she has accepted to be customs officer for more than a hundred years and can stay immortal as a customs officer. the real mission for a customs officer is to find out the gate to other parallel worlds. the next day, gril wakes up and gets the beautiful view which he wished to enjoy with his girl. also, he realizes that this is the second parallel world he's found. at the same time, Rana shows up with the committee to check his new world. they have to supervise Kirill's mission tightly by electronic control device, which will limit his activity scope within 15 kilometers. kirill plans to visit again his parents house. that's a little bit close to his activity limit. he falls down due to dehydration. but finally he manages to reach his parents home. bad thing is that his parents still can't recognize their son. that night also comes and see the new world. Kirill has just found also enjoys it so much. in this way, Kirill approaches closer to also, and makes also feel that she might have known Kirill in the past. naturally, they become the lover again. later in a party, Kirill learns from a fellow guy that nobody has yet, by far, opened the gate to the belter world. at the same time, also is told by Rana she can't stay lover with Carrell because Kirill is immortal. also leaves the party disappointedly, but his kidnapped. ironic. that night, Kirill is visited by the committee. he gets the new mission to find out the gate to the belter world, where it said there's no war in disease. it is the source of all parallel worlds. they hope to learn the experience from the Beltone world and bring peace to all others. pearl promises to do his best, but he turns to worry about also safety. so he plans to pay a visit to AUSA's home, which locates far beyond his activity limit. so he's contained down badly. in a day that follows, he wakes up and notices a shining beam outdoors. he follows the beam, and it opens up to a miserable world, where, in a factory, he meets a female customs officer bossing around the miserable people. among them, Kirill finds out the dying also, trying to save also out of the miserable world. Kirill stirs the crowd up to surround the female officer. she soon figures out the trick and tries to stop corals escape. she was delayed by the angry crowd, which gives a chance to Kirill to bring also back to the game world. while Kirill is busy with taking care of also his friend Cody, representing the customs committee, this time comes to punish Carell for his violation against the rules, Kirill is confined to activities scope of 50 metres. however, in order to give also the best view, Kirill struggles hard against the limit and brings also to her favorite Beach. right at that time, alsa happens to tear down the control device on Kirill, setting him free totally. in the next morning, Ferrell kis pies also posed downstairs and opens the gate to a new world, which is the exact belt of world from the customs officer there. Kirill knows that the belt of world is still in its year 1941, but it is far more advanced than any other parallel world's only because the belt Oh world creates other parallels and sets those worlds run dozens of years ahead of the belt or world. this way, the belt a world can learn the lessons from those parallel worlds and avoid the wars and disasters, while figuring out all other parallel worlds are just the laboratory of belt or world. Corel feels badly and want to leave. however, he is stoked and attacked by robots, because the belt Oh world would not allow anybody to leave with secrets. luckily, Kirill jumps into water and escapes through a sewer pipe. he finally rips off the concrete walls and finds the way back to his game world. but while Kirill is curing himself with water, Rana shows up and tell him that also has been taken away by the committee. during the fierce fight, Kirill seats that chance to kill Rana, leading to a total collapse of the game world. thanks for the death of Rana, Kirill's parents become to know their son but Kirill is soon told that the collapse of game world leads to blockage of the channel to parallel worlds. he has to rebuild the channel and save also left another world. the two set out for their new journey immediately, but they never know. covered under the debris, Rana is recovered by water sprayed by the city firefighters. this is Daniel CC movie review channel. see you next time with more movies. bye. 