a young boy, alex, from brooklyn, has this gift of writing scary stories, but for some reason he doesn't seem to be happy about it. he trashes his room and grabs his night books, the books he wrote, and sneaks out of his apartment while his parents are talking. he takes the elevator down, intending to burn them. but before he reaches the furnace room, he passes an apartment with an open door that bewitches him into getting inside. the door closes behind him as he enters the apartment. he awakes to find himself in a magical apartment, which belongs to a witch named natasha. she scares him with her magic and shows him that she lures children into this apartment, but only those who are useful to her are kept alive. alex doesn't want to die, so he said to the witch that he's good at writing scary stories. what are you doing with these so late at night? that's exactly what natasha was looking for. she demands he write the stories and read them to her every night, or he'll be done for. there was another girl in the apartment, yasmine. she was also lured into the apartment way back alex learns from her that it is impossible to escape from the apartment and the back door, which only responds to natasha's magical keys. yasmine shows alex the witch's enormous library, telling him that natasha has heard every scary story in it, and that is why he has been tasked to write new ones every day. there is this invisible cat named lenore who spies on yasmin and alex and tells natasha everything, purposely making me wait. each night. alex read her the stories, but natasha wanted him to get there details right, and she gets angry if the story has a happy ending. are you out of your mind? she also insisted on hearing his story of why he intended to burn his night books. but alex manages to distract her each time. while reading through the library's collection for inspiration, he notices the notes that are written in the margins of various books, details of an escaped plan written by a girl who was trapped there before. yasmin and alex became friends, and they eventually went over lenore's trust as well. yasmine tearfully reveals to him that she had other friends there who were killed by the witch. transforming them into figurines kept in the cabinet. alex realizes that each of the figurines still has their personal things, such as watches and earrings they had in real life. and deduces, since none have a unicorn necklace, the unicorn girl who wrote her escape plan on those books must have successfully managed to escape. alex and jasmine search through unicorn girls notes and discover a recipe for a sleeping potion she used on the witch for her escape. both of them make the potion, but when alex adds it to the lemonade, it turns green, and their attempt failed. lenore was watching all of it and takes the potion, slips it into natasha's perfume bottle without her noticing, which she habitually douses and falls asleep. they steal her keys and the door opens. they flee, but soon realize the woods are just another area contained within the apartment. lost, they eventually find a cottage made of candy, only to be caught by natasha in the cottage's basement. natasha reveals she is the unicorn girl. she was lured into the apartment by the original witch, but she escaped, only to find her parents had moved away with nowhere to return except the witch's home. she returned and manages to subdue the witch using her obsession with scary stories to lull her to sleep. the scary stories alex reads her each night were actually meant for the real witch to remain asleep. natasha demands alex tell her the story of why he intended to burn his night books. when the original witch was starting to awake. alex starts his story, which puts the witch back to sleep. on his birthday, his best friend, josh refuses to go to his birthday party, saying he was embarrassed to be seen with him because he was obsessed with scary stories. alex felt so ashamed and hurt, and so he decided to burn his stories. but alex ends the story by defiantly saying he was glad he was kidnapped because he was able to meet yasmin and lenore, friends who value what makes him special. the sleeping witch is awoken, disturbed by this happy ending, and overpowers natasha. she drops the perfume bottle, jasmine grabs it, and they flees. using natasha's magic, yasmin opens the front door, allowing them to exit alex's apartment. the witch follows them as they flee to the furnace room, planning on eating them. alex manages to distract her with a scary story he invents. but before he can finish, he throws his night book into the open furnace. the witch dives in after it to know how the story ends. while alex and yasmin push her inside the furnace, killing her. they return to his worried parents, and he introduces yasmin and lenore as his best friends. yasmine is reunited with her parents, and they continued to be friends. [Music] 