before we begin, let me start by saying I'm explaining this movie for future generations, because, aside from people who died before 1977, the Amish and the visually impaired, they're the only ones who ain't [ __ ] seen it. and even the visually impaired of product can hurt it. the stars of our movie today, ah, who could have guessed if you aged 40 years, y'all could be in a hit movie just because you aged 40 years. don't worry, someday Disney will replace you with CGI. don't worry. y'all are wearing suits, so you're easily replaceable. this that's been trying to get his character killed off since they made this movie. and the guy who's been in some violent movies, but y'all is still watching sequels to the in Avengers, full of love of the false play. our story begins with scrolling backstory text to let us know what we're looking at. but nobody could ever seem to read it all in one go. so let me break it down for you. there's a war in the stars. there's two sides, Empire rebels, Empire, bed rebels. good rebels. still plans to big galactic empire. boom, boom. weapon, rich navy. princess is smuggling the plans. thank you very much. my popcorns already gone. play. I think you can tell in this scene who the rebels are. they're the ones getting [ __ ] up. and this guy walks in, and you know he's important because he's the only one who's wearing a different color. and he puts his hands on his hips and he's like, well goddamn, what the hell happened up in here? look, if George Lucas can make him sound however, he won't, so can i. this princess lettuce organic puts the stolen Death Star plans in this recycle bin. I know droids in the future look like people, but in the past they look like jalopies. and Princess what's-her-face has a better reaction time than these trained soldiers. I swear, these damn stormtroopers hit it less than an impotent eunuch. but they stood there and take a captive while the two recycled recycle bins attain sentience and abandon humanity to destroy itself. do you know I'm lying? this goes on for long time. and this soul inside the cheap plastic, asymmetrical helmet is like, you are being a sneaky little bit. now go [ __ ] your bed in the corner. so these, let's just call him will the thrill and Boogaloo shrimp, because I know when y'all ain't watching Avengers sequels, you're still watching The Fresh Prince. oh yeah, there are two, d2 and c3po. they're captured and sold to this impoverished boy and his thirsty water farm and family. this is Luke and r2d2 shows Luke the recording of the princess. and Luke is like, look at those pixelated titties. you know, a man's hard up when he's checking out his sister and she ain't even in HD. and you can see these people were technologically advanced by these 1970s Tupperware cups. this was made to last. so if you would like a piece of Star Wars movie memorabilia, just go to your nearest beach and you'll probably find that plastic that's floating somewhere in the ocean, assuming the whole damn planet ain't plastic, and there's stuff in oceans. and I guess no matter how advanced the civilization gets they will still drink another mammals berry juice. so Luke s his uncle Owen, hey, do you know some guy named hanky panky? you want a Spanky? ain't nothing long says, I'm old. I don't remember nothing about no hanky panky. Oh, guru waits for Luke to leave, and then she says, you don't know nothing about no hanky panky. you here last night. stormtrooper Boogaloo d2 splits. luke and c3peo go to find him, and they encounter ben wallace pinky, who was like, oh yeah, I almost forgot about hanky panky. he's me. ain't had a Spanky since so before you were born. you kind of cute. want to give me one and Ben Spanky Obi one or whatever. teases Luke with his fancy ride. and it glows neon in the dark, and it's the greatest tool of space monk can hold in his hand. then our two shows in. the princesses complete message, and everyone is like, you must go with me to save your sister, but you don't know she's your sister, but I do, but I really don't, because George ain't thought of that yet. but Luke says, I can't go. what would I tell my own uncle? and everyone says, problem, the dead weight. and looks like, oh, I bet they're dead. and only one else. wait, Luke, you're my ride. what if I have to take a piss dumb teenage bit yep, there they are. everyone wasn't even lying there. dead charm. BBQ. dead weight. you don't even bury their bodies. maybe the wind will blow when the sand will just cover them up. so to summarize, Luke's aunt and uncle, I've done. well done. Luke goes with obi-wan to hitch a ride out, dis much into Han Solo, he said, with a nice, fast ride in the tall, funky-smelling, very obedient pet American. on day, there was all this controversy about who shot first. who shot first? Han shot first. Creon shot first. that's how we spend our limited days on this earth, people of the future arguing with twelve-year-olds on the internet over whether some make-believe characters and some made-up in universe were noble. who cares? Hans greedo's and they're both conducts normal mortality aside time wasting debates like that. is why we're not here anymore. we were so busy with dumbass arguments that we know it ought to look up to knows the nukes. Oh. Luke mixing up his wardrobe a little bit with a poncho. they make a deal with Han and get a ride off that crusty planet. meanwhile, Princess Leia's planet gets the past future space equivalent of nukes, because apparently they were arguing about who shot first. ooh, I guess you could say all Duran went all to BAM. oh, that was terrible. han ship gets slipped up by the desktop. Darth Vader is like, check out this kinship. just in what the [ __ ] is going on with them? passive codpieces. my mother is huge. and me, well, I am in all of these Cod pieces anyway. Luke, Han and his devil Brown yet he killed the stormtroopers. Luke and Han take their armor, and old Hankey tells Luke, you stay put a guy, go die real quick. love you muffin. and c-3po is like, hey, my little only found in pixelated titties. and Luke's rod lights up. whoa. but Han says, no, honey, boy. and looks like now you listen to me, you might have had a lot of big gallivanting all over the galaxy, but this is the first one I ever saw. damn, my garden is Zenon is in the ocean. you looked at every one of their crotches when I said that, didn't you? yep, future people, still perverts. so honey and Luke find the princess. they take it down a garbage chute, and dog Vader says, I sense the presence of my old masters. rod over one finds Darth Vader and is like, I'm a little winded, but I made it. Luke and Leia escaped the trash compactor and make it back to the ship just in time to see Obi Wan and his rod go limp. and Vader pokes at the ropes like man up in vain. it's like a fart in the wind. the rest of them bust out and pew, pew, boom, boom. a few bill tribute to the sexual tension. I hope you future people have caught on by now that the two people who always argue start to like each other, get married, then bow. no, maybe bow first. then get married, have some cheap, ugly emo child, hoops up all the good their parents have done, so the movie studios can make a million mo movies with the same name and recycled plot. short ring may then shrink to micro Coxon fault their bloodline. Luke and company travel to the rebel base where they listen to the plans to destroy the Death Star. the Death Star creeps up on them, and Luke and Han share attend a moment where Han says his goodbyes, and Luke tells him he's a multi-person. boom-booms, fun. nothing is like, goddamn, I got to do everything my damn self. some Pig a guy gets fried. some big guy turns to tiny bits. you know what? everybody except the hero gets blowed up, except some wedgie guy that has to pull out of the Death Star's crack. and all hope seems lost. but nope, solo ex machina to the rescue. good timing octo. and everyone's disembodied voice says to Luke, Hocus dumb [ __ ]. so Luke Ames, he shoots, he scores, and they all get Olympic medals. Rebel Alliance, you've just beat the Empire. what are you gonna do next? and you is like we're going to Disney World. do and be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular fix of meth. you can expect me to upload videos every time I feel like ruining somebody's childhood. it was a pleasure for movies. explain for I'm Jeb or die. oh, and I'm glad Lucas took the remastered version with all this. CGI. can you deal with that, mama? did you pray? alright, you 