Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before we start, WARNING!, Spoilers Ahead!. Today, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to recap a 2016 Korean Thriller movie called The Handmaiden. In Japanese-occupied Korea, a con man plans to seduce a Japanese heiress, marry her, then commit her to an asylum in order to steal her inheritance. He plans an elaborate scheme to fulfill his goal. Will she fall to his cunning plan?, The story starts with a common poor Korean girl, saying goodbye to what appears to be her family, before she sets off to a giant mansion to become the handmaiden of a Japanese heiress, Lady Hideko. Once she arrives, she introduces herself as Okju to the head maid, Sasaki. She shows her around the Western-Japanese-styled mansion and explains the rules. Okju\xe2\x80\x99s main job is to help Lady Hideko in her daily life as her personal Handmaiden. On her first night there, she wakes up to Lady Hideko screaming because of a nightmare. She goes to her room and meets her for the first time. Lady Hideko tells her the story when her aunt went mad and hung herself at the big cherry tree outside the mansion. Sokju then sleeps together with Lady Hideko to soothe her. On the next day, the other maid pranks her by hiding one of her shoes, making her meet Lady Hideko while wearing only her left shoe. She reintroduces herself to Lady Hideko and gives her a reference letter from her last mistress. Lady Hideko asks her to read the letter for her, but despite being able to speak in both Korean and Japanese, Okju is illiterate. Lady Hideko doesn\xe2\x80\x99t mind about it and tells Okju to always be truthful to her. She also notices that Okju lost one of her shoes and gives her a new pair of shoes. After that, Lady Hideko goes to her reading practice session and tells her to come to her at noon. While alone, she becomes curious and explores Lady Hideko\xe2\x80\x99s room. She tries on various clothes and plays with various accessories. At noon, Okju goes to the exquisite reading room, as requested by Lady Hideko. There, she meets the eccentric Uncle Kouzuki. His tongue is black due to his habit of licking ink while reading. Lady Hideko lives with him, a Korean man who helped the Japanese take over Korea. For it, the Japanese gave him a gold mine. He then uses this wealth to feed his obsession with rare books. Lady Hideko is expecting a guest, so she takes a bath to prepare herself. While helping her take a bath, Okju admires Lady Hideko\xe2\x80\x99s beauty and becomes enchanted by it. The guest is Count Fujiwara, a Japanese Nobleman who is Lady Hideko\xe2\x80\x99s painting teacher. and also the one who referred Okju to work there. He goes inside his room after greeting Lady Hideko. Not long after that, he summons Okju to come to his room. Strangely, they seem to know each other very well. It is quickly revealed that things are not as they appear. Okju's real name is actually Sook-hee, an orphan raised by Miss Boksun, a top purveyor of stolen goods. Her mother was a legendary thief. She grows up learning to pickpocket and forge stamps. There are other such orphan girls who have been raised by Miss Boksun. This group of con artists get abandoned babies, feed them and sell them to Japan. Count Fujiwara is also a con man who is actually not even a Japanese man, he is a common Korean man. He approached this group and invited them to join his scheme. He has identified a certain single Japanese heiress, Lady Hideko, who he wants to marry to inherit her fortune. He hires Sook-hee to play as a handmaiden, becomes his ears, and gently persuades Lady Hideko to fall in love with Count Fujiwara. Sook-hee agrees to join his plan for a sum of money from the inheritance. After Fujiwara gets the inheritance, he plans on declaring Lady Hideko insane and sending her off to a mental asylum. Count Fujiwara gives Sok-hee a box and tells her to give it to Lady Hideko. Inside the box are beautiful blue spinel earrings and a letter, a personal gift from Count Fujiwara to take Lady Hideko\xe2\x80\x99s heart. She wears it for tonight's dinner in an elegant white dress. Even Sok-hee can\xe2\x80\x99t help but admire her beauty. Lady Hideko becomes a little bit drunk after dinner. She plays as a maid and dresses Sok-hee up in an elegant black dress and blue spinel earrings, making Sok-hee as beautiful as her. They both enjoy the time. Sok-hee bonds too far with Lady Hideko, making her have second thoughts about the plan. But despite that feeling, she still tries to stick to the plan. Until one day, she caught Lady Hideko and count Fujiwara kissing passionately in the woods. For some reason, it hurts her feelings, so she runs back to her room. On the night, Lady Hideko asks Sok-hee to sleep with her. She tells Sok-hee that she feels nervous because Count Fujiwara proposed to her earlier. She\xe2\x80\x99s not sure whether to accept it or not. She asks Sok-hee to teach her about the things that men want. In order to teach her about the world of adults, Sok-hee kisses her on the lips, embraces her, and touches her. One thing leads to another, they lose control and end up pleasuring each other on the bed. On the next day, when Count Fujiwara is about to \xe2\x80\x9cdevour\xe2\x80\x9d, Lady Hideko, Sok-hee prevents it. This makes him mad at her. He reminds her about the plan and the consequences if she abandons it. Sok-hee agrees to continue the plan, as long as count Fujiwara doesn\xe2\x80\x99t push Lady Hideko too far. Before bed, she tries again to persuade Lady Hideko to accept Count Fujiwara's proposal. But Lady Hideko tells her that she is already happy as long as she is with her at the mansion. She asks Sok-hee whether she should accept the proposal if she is in love with another person now. This makes Sok-hee confused, whether to continue the plan or follow her true feelings. But she decides to stick to the plan and persuades Lady Hideko further to accept the proposal. Her answer makes Lady Hideko disappointed and slaps her. She casts her out of her room. Lady Hideko decides to accept Count Fujiwara\xe2\x80\x99s proposal. On the day when Uncle Kouzuki leaves the mansion for business, Lady Hideko and Sok-hee run away from the mansion and head to Japan with Count Fujiwara. During the trip, Lady Hideko keeps gazing at Sok-hee. She notices, but can\xe2\x80\x99t do anything about it. Lady Hideko and Count Fujiwara are finally married at a small shrine. On the night, Lady Hideko tries to kiss her again, but Sok-hee refuses it. Sok-hee endures her bitter feeling as she sleeps beside the room where Lady Hideko is having the first night with Count Fujiwara. In the morning, she comes to the room to see Lady Hideko. She hates what she sees, but it\xe2\x80\x99s no use crying over spilled milk. She waits for Count Fujiwara to certify the marriage and convert the inheritance to cash. As she waits, she fears that Lady Hideko might truly go mad. She wants to run away with her, but Count Fujiwara pays the innkeeper to spy on them. Finally, Count Fujiwara comes with a bag full of cash and jewelry. Sok-hee accepts it with a mixed feeling. Not long after that, the people from the mental asylum come to interview Sok-hee. They ask various questions about Lady Hideko before they throw her into the mental asylum. Outside the mental asylum, she hugs Lady Hideko for the last time. Lady Hideko hears the scream of the people inside the mental asylum and becomes startled. She walks a few steps back. But unexpectedly, instead of grabbing Lady Hideko, they try to apprehend Sok-hee. They think that she is Lady Hideko. She tries to explain to them that she is not her, but Count Fujiwara and Lady Hideko just stand there and make them detain Sok-hee under the name of Lady Hideko. She immediately realized that she had been betrayed by Count Fujiwara and possibly by Lady Hideko too. But is it true? To uncover the truth, let's take a few steps back. Lady Hideko\xe2\x80\x99s mother passed away while giving birth to her, so she was raised strictly and harshly by her uncle. Uncle Kouzuki is obsessed with rare books. But not just any rare books, he specially dealt in rare erotic art and text. The usual reading practice session Lady Hideko does with her uncle is, in fact, him teaching her to erotically read sadistic pornography since she was five years old. To secure funds, he held auctions for the books and arts, where her aunt read the erotic books to collectors. He also sold forgeries to further accumulate money and books. One day, Uncle Kouzuki caught her aunt trying to run away, so he torture her in a secret torture room in the basement. The psychological and physical abuse gradually degrades the sanity of Hideko's aunt, who is eventually found hanging from a tree in the yard, and so Lady Hideko takes over as the reader for the auctions. He also plans to marry Lady Hideko when the time has come to secure the inheritance money. Count Fujiwara initially planned to execute the scheme alone. He comes over to one of the auctions and claims to be a Japanese nobleman with a skill of art forgery, so Uncle Kouzuki hires him to forge art for him. He also manages to persuade Uncle Kouzuki to let him be the painting teacher for Lady Hideko. But after interacting with Lady Hideko, he realizes that she is not naive and is stone-hearted. There would be no way to get her to fall in love with him. Instead of giving up, he reaches out to Lady Hideko and tells her the truth, that he is not a Japanese nobleman and is trying to seduce her for the inheritance. He proposes a plan to get her away from this abusive life of hers. He will bring a naive girl who will come in as a handmaiden and trick her into thinking that she is the one who is doing the scam. Once they get married, Lady Hideko will switch identities with the handmaiden, and they will send the handmaiden to a mental asylum. This would grant Lady Hideko her freedom at the cost of the handmaiden\xe2\x80\x99s life, then split the inheritance money with Count Fujiwara. Lady Hideko agrees. Since the arrival of Sok-hee at the mansion, Lady Hideko is already acting to condition her state of mind into believing the bogus plan. She shows all her clothes and jewelry to Sook-hee to make her more gullible. Fujiwara instructs Lady Hideko to act naive, but hesitates to fall in love with him. This would ensure that Sook-hee is kept busy with her task of playing cupid. Unfortunately for Count Fujiwara, Lady Hideko and Sook-hee get too close. They get attracted to each other and end up making passionate love one night. On the night when Lady Hideko is mad at Sok-hee, she tries to hang herself from the tree where her aunt died because she is disappointed by Sok-hee\xe2\x80\x99s response earlier. Sook-hee stops her and confesses to her about the scheme she does with Count Fujiwara. She also admits to having fallen in love with her. Lady Hideko then also admits to Sook-hee about being part of a plan that involved sending Sook-hee to asylum. They decide to take down Count Fujiwara and Uncle Kouzuki. They start by destroying all of the erotic art collection and play along with Count Fujiwara\xe2\x80\x99s plan. They act lovey-dovey, secretly behind Count Fujiwara. And not to worry, Lady Hideko doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have sex with Count Fujiwara on their first night. It\xe2\x80\x99s just fake blood to make him believe that they are still trying to fool Sok-hee. Sook-hee only acts surprised and creates a scene at the asylum to make it more believable. Later, she stages a fire at the asylum and escapes in the heat of confusion. Lady Hideko and Count Fujiwara head out for dinner to celebrate. He proposes to her to marry him for real. But she plays hard to get and refuses. At the hotel, she seduces him, then drugs his wine with opium. When he\xe2\x80\x99s knocked out, she takes all the money and meets with Sok-hee. In the end, Lady Hideko and Sok-hee fake their identity and head out to Shanghai on a ship. On the ship, they are finally able to express their love to each other freely in their newfound freedom. Make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications so you can watch more videos like this. Thanks for watching, and see you, next time. 