hey guys. today we'll be covering a six episode mystery horror series called juwon origins. be sure to stay till the end so you don't miss out the conclusion of this amazing series. episode one, juwon is an inspiration from real life events, originated from a house. the real life event is far more frightening than all the depictions. it's 1988. a man returned to his home and settles down. he slides a cassette into the vcr and sits back to watch a reality show highlighting a guest named haruka honjo and himself being introduced as yasuo odajima, a proclaimed paranormal researcher. bankers then start to speak, and odajim's wife enters the house. on the television show, haruka describes an incident. she came to tokyo and started living in a one bedroom apartment, but she heard footsteps at night. while odajima is watching, his wife gives him the cassette containing the sound of footsteps. he asked karuka to record. meanwhile, on the tv, haruka imitates the sound of the footsteps. odajima plays the cassette on the radio, but cannot understand it, so he invites his wife to listen to it as well. she tries to comprehend the recording, but fails to do so. they play the recording again, where a low croaking sound can be heard, but still undecipherable. the following day, the show stage is set and everyone is silent. after listening to the voice cassette from haruka, the female anchor stabs her partner, and he starts to show. the female comments that it seems the speaker was close to the microphone. odajima asks aruga if she spoke anything during the recording, to which she responds in denial. the anger takes the view of the third person sitting with them, mr sako, who simply states that his beliefs are against the fact the house being haunted. the anchor then asks haruka if the incident happened with any previous tenant, to which she replies that nothing happened previously, and the realtor assured her it's broken. by commercial break during the recess, haruka asked odajima about the reason behind collecting these horror stories. he says he doesn't really know. as they walk along, haruka share that she has moved into her boyfriend's apartment, because as he visited her, he saw things and advised her to leave. odajima tries to know more about it, but the assistant calls haruka and she leaves. in the turn of events, a new girl is admitted to a school in the middle of the semester. her mother sends her out and starts shedding tears in front of the teacher, while explaining how hard it is for them, and gains his sympathy by victimizing herself. later, the girl introduces herself as kyomi kawai. her teacher sends her to the back seat. as she settles down, she's eyed by two girls. the scene takes off at the bank where dajuma asks for tetsuya fukuzawa. one of the employees identifies focuser for him. odajima meets him later and asks him about the incident that made haruka leave her apartment. odajima records as tetsuya starts narrating the story about an inexpensive house he went to see. as he enters the house, he immediately senses the creepiness of the place. odajima's recording him and asked him about the location tetsuya refuses to reveal it and admits that he can see things back in the past. when tetsuya visits the house, he finds it insanely odd. he walks around and feels the eeriness that looms all over. just as he's about to leave, he senses someone behind him. a woman in a white press stood still in the shadows at the end of the room. meanwhile, haruko's recording is being played in a car. the little girl at the passenger seat takes the cassette out, stating that it scares her. the guy who's driving pulls the car aside. he asks the girl to return the cassette to him, but she complains to go home. that barbaric person then starts bashing the little girl ruthlessly. at the school, kiyomi is at the locker room when her two class fellows approach her and invite her along on an adventure. they plan to visit the cat mansion, an abandoned house populated by cats. kiyomi agrees with their proposal and returns home. her mother is preparing dinner. she tells her about the letter she received from the school. and as she comes to the living room, the news on tv, states about the kidnapped girl named natsuki, the same girl who got the beating in the car. kiyomi's mother throws a letter in the bin after reading and goes to her room. she raises her suspicion about the teacher and recalls her own sacrifices when she made to protect her daughter. kiyomi thrusts her away. her mother lashes at her, calling her a [ __ ] for seducing her own father, and leaves the room. meanwhile, haruka returns home from the studio and finds tetsuya sleeping on the floor. he wakes up and tells her about the visit from adagima. she tells him to lay it off. and as she goes to take a shower, tatia asks her if she will meet his mother. and just as she's about to share something else, they hear footsteps in the bedroom. he sits down and tells haruka about the strange house he visited. he admits the issue might be him and not paduka's apartment. suddenly, he points at the bedroom door. the door previously closed, is now slid sideways. instantly, the light also turns on by itself. they both stand there horrified. after a brief consideration, tetsuya barges into the bedroom to find it empty. he turns back to leave, but sees a figure behind the translucent glass. he falls backwards when a barefooted woman emerges and enters the bedroom. he's the same woman from the strange house. tetsuya loses himself as she pulls out the sack in front of him. he covers himself while screaming frantically. suddenly, the woman is replaced by haruka, and she consoles him as he trembles in her arms. the following morning, kiyomi accompanies her fellows to the house. on the way, a guy named udaiy joins them. kiyomi feels concerned, but nevertheless carries on. as they enter, it becomes known as the same house where tetsuya felt the presence. kiyomi picks up a cat. as the rest of them reach inside, they start checking around. yudhayi and one girl start discussing where it should be done. kiyomi, being unaware of what's about to happen, looks around innocently. suddenly, the two girls grab her and push her to the floor. she gets raved and the whole house drenches in her helpless cries and pledges. episode 2, it's a strange house. the girls have kiyomi pinned down. she cries to them to stop. udaini threatens to stab her if she keeps making the noise. he then proceeds with his vulgarity by taking off his pants. while he's raping her. one of the girl gets out the camera and starts flashing pictures of them. kiomi lies there helplessly as yuda-yi goes on, but the other girl is completely silent. once they're done, yudai gets up, and the camera girl warns her that if she dares to tell anyone in school, her photos will be leaked. hiyumi lies on the floor in her devastated state as they both take no notice and proceed to enjoy themselves in another room. he only manages to get herself up and slowly walks upstairs, where she hears the meowing of a cat. she finds a cat in a wardrobe. he only picks it up and scoots in the little space of the cabinet and slides the door closed. she then sits by herself in the dark wardrobe and whimpers in helplessness. while she is crying on her unfortunate fate, she witnesses the face of the woman in the white dress and shrieks at the top of her lungs. downstairs, yudhayi and his girlfriend hear the scream. he leaves her and comes upstairs. he slides open the cabinet to find kiyomi sitting there, weak as a petal. she comes out and hugs him. meanwhile, the other girl, or coming upstairs, sees mai walk behind her and go into a room. she then comes to the second floor to see udai lying over kiyomi. she tells him about mai, and they all proceed downstairs to look for her. no one finds her, so yudai prepares to go. kiyomi also leaves the house and requests you that you to walk her home. he agrees, and kiyomi gives the other girl a taunting smile as they leave her standing there. the following day, tetsuya takes haruko to meet his mother. on their way, she talks about how nervous she is. they arrive at her place, and tetsuya rings the bell. when no one answers, he goes into the house to check on her. while haruka's waiting outside, he hears someone call her name. and upon pondering, she sees tetsuya standing across the road. at the exact moment, tezia comes out and invites haruka inside. as she walks in, tatia goes in to call his mother. and while she's looking around, her eyes fall upon the woman in the white dress standing in the room. suddenly, haruka jokes up from the bad dream and she's in her studio with her friend. the news reports the murder of a 17 year old girl after being raped by three men. as they listen to the news, haruka gets a phone call stating that tetsuya fukushima has passed away. that night, she goes to the funeral and meets odajima. he remarks that the police say he just collapsed to death. as they talk, tezia's cousin invites haruka to meet tethy's mother. as they walk in, her mother explains that they cannot show his face to anyone. haruka requests to show her techia's face. and as they open the casket, she's horrified at the sight of him, as his face is frozen in utter disbelief and shock. her mother elaborates that she has the power which passed on to tetsuya before his demise. meanwhile, at the school, the teacher and the girl discussed the disappearance of mai. mr noguchi indicates that she's been seen in the rabbit hole disco club. whilst they're talking, kiyomi walks in and informs mr noguchi that he's been invited to her place by her mother. later, when she leaves, only asks the girl to give her the pictures he snapped. the girl, in a distressed state, gives her the pictures. as kiyomi's about to leave, she is requested to help find mai, but she rejects her request. the same night, the girl visits the rabbit hole and asks everyone around for mai. everybody replies in denial. as she's at the bar, she hears someone whisper her name, yoshiye. she turns around to see mai standing at the far end of the club at the doorway. yoshiya walks up to her and apologizes. mai extends a hand to yoshie and takes her away. meanwhile, kiyomi returns home with yuday accompanying her as they creep in. her mother's moans are ringing around the house. they quietly enter kiyomi's room. udai looks around in uneasiness as feminine moans can be heard. meanwhile, mr naguchi leaves her room to grab his stuff. he's afraid that his career will be finished if he gets caught. and after stating that, he leaves the house. afterwards. her mother is smoking as kiyomi walks in and reads out a letter stating that she's about to leave. her mother replies in a difference, that she can leave if she wants, but go silent. upon hearing a cat's meow in the next room, kiyomi confronts her about their pet cat that her mother killed. she denies that as well and walks out. the omi then blackmails yudhai to kill her mother. and if he won't do that, his pictures of molesting her will be handed over to the police. uday then grabs the telephone and walks up to her mother and starts striking her. she begs kiyomi to forgive her, but yudai murders her. kieumi asks him to wipe his fingerprints as she takes out the used condom from the dustbin and spreads all the seeds around her mother's dead body. kiyomi then leaves with you guys. the following day, the murder of mina kawaii is on the news. the police arrest mr naguchi as the culprit of the gruesome homicide. back at the strange house, the woman is sighted standing in the window of the upper floor. at night, tetsuya's mother wakes up to find him sitting outside her room. she slowly approaches him as he tries to say something. even after several tries, tetsuya cannot form a single word. his mother desperately tries to understand him, but he doesn't utter a single word. he sits on the floor in pure blankness, as her son silently gets up and leaves. episode three, it's 1994. udais working at a garbage disposals while being treated like garbage. as he returns home, he takes out all his fury on his family, kiyomi and her son. he starts blaming kiyomi for his miserable state. as toshki, the little boy, sits silently behind the closed door. udai takes his anger on kiyomi by violently hitting her whilst the violence is being inflicted, poshki sees the feet of the woman in white in front of him. on the other side. they hear strange noises behind the door. yudayi gets up furiously with kiomi trying to stop him. he drops her to the ground and shouts at toshki. as kiyomi lies on the floor with a bleeding and bruised face, she remembers the woman in the white dress. the following day, a lady from child protection services visits their home. nobody answers, but the door automatically unlocks. as the lady walks in the disorganized and untidy apartment, she finds toshibi injured and in shock. the lady aryasu, calls her office and the child is taken away. at the hospital, the doctor reports that the child was at the brink of death due to dehydration and malnutrition. they both decide it's better for the child to be in protective custody. that night, as aryasu waits in the lobby, kiomi arrives at the hospital and starts behaving rudely to everyone. she challenges aryasu to take koshiki under protection if she can, while their bantering. toshki arrives, and kiyomi lifts him and starts to leave. aryasu stops her upon checking her bruce shoulder. she assures kiyomi that they are always there to help. hiomi doesn't answer and leaves the hospital. the next year, a severe earthquake occurs, and the news is flooded by the aftermath of the disaster. haruka leaves the set for the day, and her co-worker advises that she needs to work hard. as they're about to leave, odajima comes around and presents haruka with his new book, psychic midnight, volume 4. she asked him again why he's collecting the stories, to which he answers that he's unsure. afterwards, he requests for her assistance in finding the house tetsuya warned about. haruka's co-worker intervenes, but haruka stops herself and agrees to help odajima. back at her place, haruka takes out the old stuff, including pictures of tetsuya and herself. to her surprise, she finds the cassette of the footsteps she recorded among the pile. later at night, her head starts hurting due to strange and eerie noises around her. she finds herself in the strange house with tetsuya. as he takes a look around the house. she then witnesses the horror of the woman in white as she approaches tetsuya with a bundle of sack in her arms, and the traumatizing effect that engulfed them. suddenly, she wakes up with a startle and notices that it's morning and it was just a nightmare. the same morning, as she visits tetsuya's mother and presents her consent of the recorded footsteps, his mother tells her that she burned all of tatsuya's things because they troubled her. haruka insists that she needs to find a house and put an end to it, or else other people might suffer at her expense. tessius mother agrees to help. they both wash their hands. meanwhile, the pet cat leaves the food and fouls them. they sit at the table, his mother lights up a candle. she then grips the cassette and starts chanting the mantras. the room starts to darken. the lights get dim and the cat is agitated. she keeps on, provoking the ghost to show her home. the map book placed in front of haruka opens and the pages start turning. suddenly, an arm appears out of thin air and places a finger at the page. tatia's mother slowly turns around to find her son beside her, exclaiming that she shouldn't go with that. she screams and falls down as haruka supports her, everything in the room goes back to normal. it's daytime. a young man leaves his house while his wife waters the plants in their garden. haruka passes the man on her way to the neighborhood. the young man's wife asks her purpose. as haruka stands in the doorway of the strange house, she apologizes and moves on. but as she passes, her eyes catch a glimpse of the woman in white in the upper story window. the caller leaves her face, and she speeds up from there. meanwhile, the young man walks in the city and is being followed by another person. he walks in a restaurant and meets a pregnant lady who's showing him stuff for the baby. as they sit and joke around happily, a stalker stands outside and watches them. later, the guy who was talking earlier comes home and is revealed that the pregnant woman is his own wife. he politely tries upbringing a conversation, but she answers him rudely and leaves him sitting there wondering what he did so wrong to deserve the betrayal. back at kiyomi's place, pushki is severely injured, and medics move him to the ambulance, while his father stands amidst the crowd, disheveled and shocked. and after realizing what he's done, he quickly flees from the scene. at the hospital, a police officer inquires kyomi about the unfortunate incident, and she informs him that udai used a phone to hit koshki. as they talk, the doctor invites her to come take a look. she slowly walks inside to find her son totally traumatized, his head wrapped in a bandage and his eye staring blankly into space. the doctors inform her that it's still unsure if he'll regain consciousness. upon the devastating news, kion stumbles out of the ot and starts laughing. in mass hysteria, she drops down on the floor and her laughs turn into sobs. aryasu arrives at the hospital and sits beside kiyomi. just as she asks her name, she hears footsteps behind them, the same intangible footsteps that were recorded in the cassette. she gasps in terror as the shadow of toshki appears at ot's door. she stands up in fright as the kid slowly walks out, the sound of his feeble footsteps echoing in the corridor. ariyasu tries to comfort kyomi, but she lashes out and leaves the hospital crying. back in the city, haruka visits the promo for daijima's book. she goes inside and seats herself down. odajima's telling the audience his recent stories and how he intends to find a strange house. just as he's talking about it, his assistant comes on stage and whispers that someone has given the locations of the house. he then faces the audience and shares that the person m knows about the house. he's imprisoned for the murder of little girls. just as he states that he's going to visit the house, haruka instantly stands up and forbids him to go there. everyone falls silent, and she presses it once again. and forbids odajima that he shouldn't go. episode 4, on a rainy day of the year 1995, but tajima visits the incarcerated serial killer in the prison. the criminal asks him why he's collecting the stories. odajima tries to formulate an answer, but is unable to do so. the prisoner then shares how he visits the old houses that he sees in the newspapers. and one specific house always appears. odajima asks him the address, but he can't recall. instead, he narrates the story behind the house, where a woman was contained, made pregnant, and she died after giving birth to a child. the child later disappeared. odajima sinks into his own thought after listening to the story. later, the young man named noble is having lunch with a pregnant woman. they discuss that the child is almost there and they need to take care of things at their own ends. that night, the woman's husband returns home. she serves him dinner with wine. she then confesses to him that the child isn't his own, but her high school lover's child. and although she slept with her husband, her mind was always at noble. after dropping the dreadful facts on her husband. the woman asks him to drink the wine. he gulps it down and then forces her to drink as well. that if somebody dies, it's the three of them. she goes to every length to avoid it. and while he's forcing it on her, he gets nauseous and rushes to the toilet. his wife grabs a knife and stabs him in a toilet. as he's vomiting, he survives the attack and stumbles back into the living room. she tries to kill him again, but he overwhelms and slits her throat. with a bleeding neck, she staggers across the whole room. she traces her steps to the couch, and as she slumps in her eyes, goes lifeless. her husband vomits again due to the poison. as he regains his senses, he stands petrified. upon realizing that he killed his pregnant wife, he slowly approaches her dead body and decides that he should save the child. to achieve that, he brutally cuts open her abdomen with a knife and brings out the premature child. the newborn starts to cry. in his senselessness, he comes upon a postcard from noble. he then wraps the child in a cloth and walks to their house. he rings the bell at the strange house, but inside, nobu's pregnant wife is also murdered ruthlessly, and nobody opens the door. he sits outside and it starts to rain. he takes a look at the child, which is no longer crying. he then digs a grave and lowers the child's body into it, while the woman in white stands at the side. later, the man sits at the dining table and eats a meal. as he makes his way out. nobu's corpse is seen hanging above the stairs. it's morning when he returns to his place. as he's shuffling around stuff, he hears a phone ring. he comes to find the phone submerged inside his dead wife's belly. in the most gruesome manner, he pulls out the ringing telephone and sits back in your shot. the next morning, the whole terrible accident is on the news with the footage of the strange house. the man, kiichi masaki, turns himself in for the murder of his wife. meanwhile, at the library, aryasu studies the newspapers from the past, stating the old incidents from 1988, the death of kyomi's mother and the disappearance of yoshie and mai from the disco club. as she pulls out the file, her stuff falls down. upon picking it up, odajima helps her and sees the sketch of a weird woman. he inquires aryasu about it, which he refuses to answer. as he goes out and asks the library staff about the house. ariyasu points out that this house is on the news. the very next moment, they both reach the strange house, where the media and police are gathered. odajima makes his way through the crowd and gets a sudden flashback from his childhood. later he invites haruka, and the three of them discuss the whole thing. haruka sees the drawings that the child made, as aryasu ponders over how a house can bring suffering to the people living in it. odajima claims that he lived in that house until he was five. everyone in his family is now dead, except him. haruka also claims that she saw someone else in the house, apart from the couple. as odjima discusses the haunted house and its terrors, ariaso refuses to believe any of it. instead, she states that she'll focus on finding bushki's mother. later, keiichi is being investigated. the officer interrogates him about his actions. in the meantime, keiji finds a telephone ringing. he doesn't reply to the officer, but points him to the phone. in reality, the phone is silent. the interrogator asks him several other questions, but he can't answer any single one properly. the officer then walks out to consult his superior. meanwhile, keishi covers his ears due to the overwhelming phone rings around them. that night, as keiji eats in the cell the phone starts ringing again. he moves to the bars and frantically cries out for someone to answer it. as he's shouting, he suddenly sees his dead wife's face clamped against the bars. he's horrified at the sight of her. as she points to something. he looks across to see the fetus eating his food. the color drains off deichi's face, and he's scared to death. the fetus slowly crawls to him, climbs his body and, in the most petrifying manner, enters his mouth. meanwhile, at an apartment. poshki is crippling a woman's sketch on his notebook. he calls the sketch his mom. his father nears him and asks him to draw his dad as well. meanwhile, some people bang the door, asking katsuji to come out. as he listens to their calls, toshki whispers to him. katsuji nears him, trying to understand what he said. the kid then whispers to him, to run away. run away, he says. episode 5, the scene takes off where the senior detective, kosoka meets odajima at the restaurant. he gets to know about the strange house and the incidents that started to occur there in the past 43 years. odajima shares that he himself lived in that house when he was five years old. he then requests kosada to take him to the house so that more information can be gathered later. they both visit the cursed house. as they check around, kosoka tells odajima that many of his officers had dreams about this house after they researched it. as he's listening, obagima suddenly shudders at the sound of a crash and gets a flashback of himself as a kid coming to the living room holding a bundle in his arms. he snaps back to reality and races upstairs to the bedroom. he's now in the past and sees all things from the older perspective. as kosaka follows him, mai and yoshiya move beside him. he turns around to find nobody. meanwhile, odajima looks around and finds a picture of his parents. suddenly, the scene shifts and he's back in reality. he then slides open the wardrobe to see kiyomi sitting there with tears in her eyes. she is looking up the wardrobe into a hatch. odajima takes a peek as well, but finds it empty. at the next moment, kiumi shrieks in horror, and odajima backs off. he snaps out of his hallucination as kosuka puts a hand on his shoulder. he then turns around to see that the wardrobe only holds miscellaneous stuff. he tries to open the hatch on the ceiling, but it's stuck in his inoperable. meanwhile, in a dark and untidy place, kiyomi is involved in prostitution. as the man leaves with his friends katsuji walks up to her place with uneven steps. he meets hiomi and tells her he has sold his kidneys and his wound still bleeds. afterwards, comes inside and sits against the wall. he starts talking about doshiki. he only tells him that the kid isn't his and gets up. she then imitates a woman in the white dress and exemplifies her moves to tell how kyomi was given the child in open arms. katsuji then asks her to give him a shot of drugs. he only asks him to go to the bathroom. and as he's about to get up, toshki appears and whispers to him again, the tea should run away. tatsuji just rubs his hair in affection and gets up. back in the city, ariasso meets odajima and haruka and gives them the pictures of kiyomi. otajima identifies her as the same girl he saw in the wardrobe. afterwards, they split up to look for her. they keep asking everyone in the neighborhood, but nobody recognizes her. in the meantime, asudajima and haruka move along, he shares how he can't find a cassette. haruka exclaims that it was at her place, and maybe interpreting it will solve their problems. in the interim, osaka visits the saki real estate and meets the owner. he shows him the newspaper and asks him about the incidents that occurred in that cursed house. the sake reveals that 43 years ago, the woman was contained and made pregnant by the landlord's son. he was then murdered later. he also tells how dojima's family came to live there, but there was a forced entry and a broken window. afterwards, the father and the sister disappeared, and the little boy was left alone. kosuka then asked his views about the haunted nature of the place, to which he refuses to believe. that morning, odajima finds a man who guides them to kyomi's place. as aryaso accompanies him. inside, they look around the house. odojima goes into the bathroom and finds katsuji's dead body in the tub. back to last night, tatsuji sits at the edge of the bath as kyomi brings the injectable drug. after giving him the shots kill me, pushes him in the tub and drowns him to death. later, she slowly staggers out and cries upon the horrible deed she just committed. she lumbers out in the night and goes to the cursed house. she tries to go inside, but it's locked. she then picks up a branch and tries to break the window. the scene then links the past and the present. the little dojima stands petrified in the living room as kiyomi keeps on smashing the glass. window. once breeds, she sits on the floor and starts sobbing helplessly. she takes out the pictures of her being raped and spreads them across a carpet. meanwhile, yoshi and mai appear behind her and apologize for ruining her life. they ask her to accompany them, and she simply gets up and follows them out of the room. the following morning, authorities arrive at the scene and take pictures of the forced entry. aryasu and odajima identify the pictures as kiomes meanwhile, an officer comes to report that they've found a hatch in the ceiling. everybody rushes upstairs, and the officer tells them that the hatch can only be opened from the inside. they all climb up one by one. the detective concludes that this was the attic where the woman was contained by the landlord's son. as kosoka advances, odajima asks him to not go any further. his mind suddenly remembers the past experience where he and his elder sister found the hatch as kids. his sister, kazua, climbs up the attic and odajima follows. as they're up there, kazua sees someone and proceeds towards her, calling her mom. young odajima gets scared, as it isn't his mom, and he falls down the hatch to his utmost terror. the woman in white looks down at him from the hatch and drops a baby into his arms, advising him to bury together. the child is scared to death, and he runs downstairs. as he looks at the baby, it gives his mouth wide open in an abnormal manner. he drops a baby and suddenly hears a thud behind him. upon turning around, he witnesses a black entity. it's a woman completely dark, with only her eyes visible. the woman breaks the window and darts inside. she grabs a baby and leaves. meanwhile, in his train of thoughts. odajima comes downstairs and sees his younger self lying unconscious on the floor. he then sees his father come inside and pick him up. in the next moment, he snaps back to reality and falls to the floor. aryasu comes to help him up. and as he rises, his mind and expressions go numb, while his eyes keep staring at the broken window of the living room. final episode, it's 1997. a married couple moves into the cursed house. renovations are done and the staff is moving new stuff into the house. the wife, tomoko, is pregnant, and her husband offers her a chair. as the workers are setting up the place, they listen to the news broadcasting the death of a kidnapped boy who was later found with his head severed. tomoko stands up and turns off the tv. as everyone goes on about doing their work, tomoko notices a state on the wall. she calls her husband, and he too agrees that it wasn't there before. meanwhile, the bell rings. noddajima visits them. he sits in the living room and tells them he was a resident as well. he then warns them about the strange incidents of the house, and that they should reconsider living here. the man denies his ideas and exclaims that he's scaring them. odajima tries to narrate the experiences, but the guy lashes at him and tells him to leave. as he gets up, odajima leaves his card with a new resident. yu picks it up and crushes it furiously and asks him to leave at once. later that night, tomoko wakes up and hears the cat meowing somewhere near her. as she walks outside, she sees a tv running the show where haruka honjo first explains her paranormal experiences. meanwhile, yu also wakes up with a jolt as the shadow passes behind the curtains. he walks out to see his wife in the kitchen, and to his utmost surprise, keiji walks in as well. you tries to go after him, but he disappears. instead of finding him, you comes upon the hanging corpse of nobu. the house rings with you scream as he witnesses the horror of the house. at the same time, tomoko drops to the floor screaming as she gets the sight of noble's murdered wife. the next morning, haruka arrives at the house with hetia's mother. odajima meets them at the gate and leads them inside. as he enters, tetsuya's mother asks you about his wife, and he tells them that she's resting and needs some time alone. tetsuya's mother advises against it and tells him to stay with her. they proceed to the living room. and as she washed her hands, tessia's mother advises haruko to go and stay beside tomoko. meanwhile, she accompanies odajima and you to the attic and starts the summoning ritual. she asks the spirit to reveal itself, and as she senses the sounds, she suddenly exclaims that they're not a child's footsteps. downstairs in the room, karuka converses with tomoko about her experience as an expecting mother, when suddenly a man appears behind them. he stands behind haruka's chair in his undergarments and holds a knife in his hand. he threateningly advances toward tomoko's bed. haruka tries to stop him, but he pushes her away and climbs on top of the bed. tomoko starts screaming helplessly, as the barbaric person lifts up her dress and presses his ear to her tummy. harukan watches in terror as he laughs menacingly and raises the knife to stab her. suddenly, haruko finds herself experiencing the scene from 43 years ago, where the landlord's son is trying to murder the woman. but in turn, she slices his throat and throws him off the bed. she lays there, blood splattered and devastated, while haruka lies horrified in the corner. the woman starts to laugh hysterically and gets up and leaves. back in reality, tomoko's water has broken, and haruka and odajima put her in an ambulance. as the vehicle speeds away, yu slowly gets up and starts to leave the house. odojima sees you turn into his father as he staggered on the road, and stops at the place. the scene shifts where young odajima is standing in the living room, watching his father leave. as they both look at each other, the living room window starts wrestling, and the young udajima gets scared as the rattling exceeds. his father cries at him and suddenly vanishes into thin air. meanwhile, odajima witnesses the same thing happen to you. he stops at the same spot, starts shaking and screaming violently, while the window also rattles. in the blink of an eye, he turns to a smoking puddle of ash. haruka and odajima stand there stunned at what happened before their eyes. back at the attic, tetsuya's mother hears the word together barry, and sees kazua climb up the attic and go beyond her to her mother. the woman in the white dress stands behind her. she slowly turns around, into her utter horror, she sees a decayed and rotten corpse of a woman approaching her with yellowed skin, shredded clothes and in the most gruesome state of existence. tessia's mother shrieks as the croaking corpse slowly approaches her. later, odajima gets a visit from detective kosaka, who inquires how dojima wrote about the telephone found in the mother's fetus? he replies that he made it up, and he's a paranormal researcher who tells stories. he also concludes it might be the reason he's allowed to live. upon hearing the answer, the detective leaves in the interim. ariasso visits toshki in the hospital, who's still unconscious. but as she sets her bags, ariyazo hears the child whisper. she goes near him, and he whispers toward the same words, run away. that night, at the cursed house, haruka is digging up the yard. tetsuya's mother appears and starts laughing at her. she keeps on digging, and then buries the cassette of the recorded footsteps. and she gets up to leave. the main gate closes behind her, and he hears a baby crying underneath the ground. as she nears a dug up place, the cries elevate from her bag. she throws it down frantically, and then gradually she opens it up, but there's nothing inside except her own stuff. she heaves a sign of relief and gets up. but in the next moment, the same man in undies and a knife appears behind her, clamps her mouth and drags her away in darkness. 