Welcome to Moviecaps. Today I will show you an Action, Sci-fi, Thriller film from 2007, titled Next. Spoilers ahead!. Watch out and take care. Cris Johnson is a man with the unique ability to see into his future. His ability lets him see two minutes ahead, aside from a vision he once had of a woman walking into a diner. Since there are no details other than the time, he goes to the diner twice a day at 8:09, the time he saw in his vision, to wait for her to arrive. To earn a living, he works as a small-time magician in downtown Las Vegas. Cris attracts the attention of an FBI agent Callie Ferris. When he appears before a small audience, his first trick is to find out where the man in the white suit is from. Before letting him answer, he says that he thinks he is a man from Seoul, and the man answers that he is indeed from Korea. When his wife comes on stage, he drops her necklace into her drink without touching it. He supplements his income by gambling and using his powers to win over and over again against the house, and only the house. Although he tries to do this in a low-key way, his nonsensical gambling style attracts the attention of the casino security guards, who believe Cris is cheating. Just as they are talking about him, he looks up at the camera, like he is letting them know, that he knows. As he is cashing out his chips, he uses his foresight to prevent an impending robbery, setting off a chase through the casino. Dozens of security guards are after Cris, spotting him on the cameras. Cris explains the thing about the future - every time you look at it, it changes because you looked at it. He eludes the pursuers with clever tricks, such as cigarette smoke or a precise movement. Cris retreats to the restroom and immediately changes his clothes to avoid the guards at the exit. Not at a single point of this chase has he stood out. He steals a car. Which leads to a chase with the police. Cris quickly shakes off with the help of a train. Callie found out the nature of his ability. It has nothing to do with luck. He has shown a pattern of advanced consciousness that is statistically impossible. Callie wants to get him to help them try to stop terrorists from detonating a nuclear weapon smuggled into the country. After reviewing the casino tapes, Callie has discovered that he can see about 2 minutes into the future. Ferris tracks Cris down, thanks to the LoJack GPS. She explains to him the situation with the terrorists and everything she knows about him, and threatens Cris to help her. After seeing this future, Cris runs away to avoid the confrontation. Callie walks in and realizes she missed him by seconds. Later that night, the casino's head of security is approached by two terrorists who interrogate him about Cris before killing him. The next morning, Cris is back in the diner, watching the clock, when he finally sees Liz Cooper, the woman from his vision. After imagining various advances, all of which fail, he intervenes when her ex-boyfriend, (Kendall) shows up and forces himself on her. Cris lets Kendall hit him to earn affection points with Liz, and eventually manages to strike up a conversation with her. Knowing she's on her way to Flagstaff, Arizona, Cris convinces her to give him a lift. In the car, they talk about fate and how Liz thinks a predetermined future is boring. Back at the diner, Callie learns from a waitress that Cris is going to Flagstaff and pursues him. At the same time, the terrorists at the docks, concerned about the true nature of Cris's powers, decide to get rid of him before the FBI can use his abilities to expose their long-running schemes. Liz visits her students at a canyon where she teaches once a week to wish one of her students a happy birthday. As a birthday present for the boy, Cris shows him a magic trick where he turns a rock into a lizard. Liz is impressed and seems to take an interest in him. Heavy rains come down, and a washed out road forces Cris and Liz to spend the night in a hotel on the side of a canyon called Cliffhanger. Cris sleeps in the car and makes Liz feel guilty. Callie finds out Cris' whereabouts through the video surveillance cameras. After tracking down the nuke to Los Angeles, she convinces her superiors to let her bring Cris in. The terrorists who have been monitoring FBI also follow them in hopes that the agents will lead them to Cris. After Liz showers at the hotel, Cris makes a rose out of paper and lights it as one of his magical performances, then ensnares her and makes love to her. Meanwhile, Callie and her team secure the perimeter of the motel. Agent Callie confronts Liz while she is walking near the hotel. Claiming Cris is a dangerous sociopath, she asks her to drug Cris so they can bring him in peacefully. When she returns to the motel, she gives Cris hygiene products. and while he is in the bathroom, Liz tries to get herself to drug him. Cris shows her a lot of affection, and she stops him from drinking the drugged juice. Instead, Liz warns Cris about Callie and explains what's going on. Cris steps out onto the porch to pretend to be drugged. At the same time, the terrorists have also secured the perimeter and are trying to take Cris out with a sniper. Cris tells Liz that he can see his future and demonstrates it to her. When she asks why he is not helping the FBI stop the terrorists, he tells her that he can not see the future, except for events that affect them. Cris gives Liz instructions on how to escape. He gets out and jumps off a cliff to escape the FBI agents waiting to arrest him. A sniper from the terrorists shoots at Cris. He dodges him with no problem. As instructed, Liz sends the car down the hill. This destroys the water tower, causing a chain effect. Debree begins to fall, stopping the agents in their tracks. Reaching the bottom, Cris is intercepted by Callie. He saves her from the logs tumbling down the mountain, and while immobilised, the agents of FBI manage to capture him. After the terrorists see that the FBI have caught him, they kidnap Liz instead. In custody, Cris is strapped to a chair with his eyes held open, and forced to watch television until he has a vision that can help the FBI. Expecting to see a report on the detonation of the bomb, he instead sees a broadcast several hours in the future in which Liz is killed by a bomb while tied to a wheelchair as bait for Cris. After the interrogation yielded no results, he is taken to a holding cell. Before the guard leaves, he asks for a smoke, and, by using his ability, defeats everyone in hand-to-hand combat and escapes from the holding facility. He races to the parking garage where he had his vision about Liz. A chase begins. Callie catches up with Chris and offers to help rescue Liz. She explains to him that the people who kidnapped her are the ones who want to detonate the bomb. They use her as bait to get to him. They set a trap for one of the terrorists by pretending Cris was hit by his gunshot, and then get rid of him with a helicopter. Cris foresees Liz being taken to the parking lot in a van and looks at the licence plate. He helps FBI track the terrorists to the port where they are staying. Cris coordinates the FBI, how they should act and what will happen based on his vision. FBI intercepts the van with Liz, and a shootout ensues between the FBI and the terrorist group. Cris tells Callie the perfect timing for shooting the gasoline barrels near the van, so Liz does not die and escapes captivity. In all the chaos, he still keeps his cool and provides quick information to the agents. Meanwhile, Liz tries everything she can to escape the terrorists who are looking for her, but is captured anyway. The terrorists use Liz as a shield, boarding a ship and planting motion detecting explosives along the way. All of this is completely ineffective against Cris whatsoever. We see countless futures of Cris searching the place for clues, until he finds Liz with the leader of the terrorists. When Cris confronts the leader, he tells him that he has seen all possible outcomes, and none have been in his favor. Therefore, he asks him to surrender peacefully. Since he already knows the answer to his own question, he continues forward, walking right up to the leader, dodging all bullets by seeing their trajectory. After killing the terrorists and rescuing Liz, they discover that the bomb has already been moved. Ferris shows Cris a seismograph, hoping that he will see quakes caused by explosions before they happen. As he stares at the screen, he realizes he has made a mistake and is too late. The bomb explodes in the city, destroying it and them in the process. Yet Cris and Liz are still asleep in their Arizona hotel before Liz goes outside and is confronted by Agent Callie. Because of Liz's involvement in the events, Cris was able to see further into the future and foresee what might happen. He calls Callie to make a deal, then says goodbye to Liz and asks her to wait for him before heading outside to meet with Callie and help stop the terrorists. Here is the thing about the future. Every time you look at it, it changes because you looked at it. And that changed everything. The end. Thank you for watching! Subscribe if you'd like to see more videos like this. 