I didn't start a revolution. I just made us docile enough for their slaughtering. and I can stand here and blame evil Corp and every other conglomerate out there for taking advantage of us. blame the FBI, and I say, CIA, for letting them get away with this. blame all the world's leaders for aiding and abetting them. blame Adam Smith for inventing modern-day capitalism in the first [ __ ] place. bring money for dividing us. blame us for letting it but none of that's true. the truth is, I'm the one to blame. hello friends, Greg here, mr. robot. season 3 is finally upon us, and I'm here to break down the season premiere for you. but first, make sure to subscribe to GameSpot universe so you don't miss out on any of our other awesome TV breakdowns, movie reviews and more. now let's break down season 3, episode 1, power saver. first up, a quick recap. Elliott is still kicking from that gunshot wound from last year's finale. the dark armies phase to attack is still in the works, and we are introduced to the dark armies very own Michael Clayton type fixer-upper. Irving, we lose our principles. we invite chaos. Elliott goes to an underground hacker tournament to try to stop phase 2. there, leans back trying to get information out of Elliott. gee, I wonder why. I know a lot more than you think, Elliot. mr. robot returns, and Angela plans to manipulate Elliot in the same fashion mr. robot does in order to bring down Ecore. he started this, didn't he? I'm just helping him finish it. ok, let's dig a little deeper, and let's talk about the most important connections that I found in this episode. last season, Tyrell shot Elliott after he swore to uphold the dark armies plan, aka phase 2 / Elliott's alter-ego, mr. robot, which was to bomb the Ecore building, storing all of its files. Elliott is taken away for treatment by season 3 newcomer Irving, played by Bobby Cannavale II, was not his stomach like that. that's that's not helping things. you might want to stop that. and dropped off with Angela to recuperate. they called me. they told me that you were hurt. I absolutely loved the premiere, many of us will agree that season two suffer from a sophomore slump. and this season felt like a great mix of what the first season built on, with a noir vibe at it in. every character had their motivations drawn out very clearly. and for Elliott, his deconstruction. Elliott is trying to fix the mess he started, but it clearly seems to be too little, too late. the wheels are moving along, and everyone that Elliott seems to trust is only giving him shades of the truth while keeping him in the dark, so mr. robot can finish his ultimate goal. now this season, already, he seems to think that he stopped phase two. we already know that's not the case at all. speaking of stage two, White Rose returns with her sistent and they discuss plans for Elliott, presumably below ground in a power plant or particle collider, and we'll get into that a little bit later. now, the most important info we got that exchange that whiterose still may be working with Phillip price. and it's unclear if any of her various soldiers know this. and Elliott's a goner once he's completed phase two. and after mr. Alderson completes the great work that we need from him, and he can dive with us. now let's talk about my favorite thing of the season so far, and that is, without a doubt, curving. I got my punches. didn't you just say I could have a free milkshake? yes, and you can redeem it on your next visit. what's the difference? I'm here now, he's the perfect dose of comic relief that the show needs, but he's no Poochie, the dog. kids always beat cycle. that's junk. show creator Sam ESMA spoke to Deadline earlier this week about Erving, and he said, in terms of his character, we knew that the dark army needed to bring in someone to manage Tyrell and Elliot, giving their rocky relationship. given where we left off in season two, we wanted a fixer. and will deep dive more into Irving's story later this season. now, you'll notice that the majority of Irving scenes take place at the red wheelbarrow restaurant. a motif from the second season shows up again, but this time it takes the form of a barbecue restaurant. oh yes, a poem gone corporate. this goes along nicely with a corpse telling Neff society merch and Elliot's monologue. now let's get back to Irving in the wheelbarrow. a couple months back, the Twitter account for mr. robot tweeted this photo of new cast member, Bobby Cannavale II. now ready pointed out that there was readable Morse code on his tie. translated the code provided a bitly link that led to a promotional website for the red wheelbarrow that you can visit right now. have you been there? leans back, and it looks like she's in really bad shape. now we already know that she's been through quite a few traumatic events last season, so this season seems to show her completely coming undone. the FBI has already gotten to Darlene last season, so the scenes with her and Elliott seem to play off the idea that she's bugged, or at least trying to pull information out of her brother. now, the bar that the CTF tournament that Elliot and Darlene go to was called 1984, and has a big brother eye on the flag in front. now this, or well plug, is a reference to many things in the show, but this could definitely allude to a wire on, Darlene. moving on. let's talk about Angela and mr. robot. Angela is all in white roses. plan to undo everything Ecore has ever done and create a new world. in essence, angela has become a new version of Elliot. she was slowly radicalized by her useless attempts to take down a Corp through, in her eyes, legit means white rose got to her before the FBI did. but Elliot knows something that Angela doesn't yet. the dark army doesn't offer any true relief for her pain. they aren't going to fix their troubles. and they're not very different from Ecore. same just different smell. but as Elliot says, she doesn't love the people who love her. she loves the ones that don't. her powers safe remote. so in the end, Angela and whiterose may be a match made in heaven. we got some pretty cool insight into Elliot's split personality when mr. robot asked Angela, how do you know you're talking to me right now? Angela responds, your eyes. you know, they're trying to look away. I'm really loving the new dynamic between Elliot and mr. robot and the people around him. so far, mr. robot seems to be an independent character, free to make actions that impact the story and interact with other characters. this just means we get a lot more Christian Slater, and I am 100% on board with that. in the premiere alone, we got to witness mr. robot talk to characters who know he's not Elliot. I've been waiting for scenes like this since season one. okay, so here are a few of my favorite moments from the episode. Elliot and Angela's Josh grobin t-shirt was pretty funny, but I really dug the moment he donned his black hoodie like he was some kind of superhero. [Music], Irving's shaking the fbi's tail was pretty awesome. I can't stress enough how great Bobby Cannavale E is. now, the camerawork for this show has always been phenomenal. the cinematography is a work of art. reddit users spotted a neat lighting set up in the scene with Angela and mr. robot. you may not have noticed, mr. robot is the damn devil. now for the music, in this episode, the song over the opening credits is whistling away the dark by Henry Mancini in his orchestra. and the song at the end is touched by Daft Punk, featuring Paul Williams on vocals. and now for some final questions. first, what's going on with this parallel universe line? if I close my eyes, I can imagine that everything we experience, everything we see, think and do, it's unfolding simultaneously in a parallel universe. no, don't sleep on that line. there's something definitely otherworldly, spiritual going on this season. and let's not forget about Angela saving this what if I told you we could make it like none of this ever happened? now, before I and many other fans could start their time-travel theory, Sam ESMA already debunked it. so don't count on that large collider that we saw in the opening of the episode to run a time machine. but there's still something weird going on here. could it be a simulation of some kind, or are we stuck in some kind of matrix like world? we don't know just yet. and that's it for me over here. everybody. let me know what you thought the episode in the comments section down below, and make sure to hit that subscribe button and give us a like so we can continue to do more mr. robot videos in the future. alright, guys, I'll see you later. bye-bye. 