[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka cobb. vance. vance refrigeration. and this video we're breaking down everything you need to know about the character. before he first appeared in the mandalorian cobb had a long and rich history that makes him a big fan favorite. in star wars, expanded lore, cobb first debuted in aftermath, which told his origin story and how he rose to become a sheriff known as the marshall. now, cobb's origin story is sort of in line with what we see play out in the show. however, as mando hadn't been invented at the time of his creation, his arc does differ slightly. cobb, similar to anakin, was a slave. and after he was freed from this, he stumbled across the town of mospelgo. pelgo had been raided by a syndicate known as the red key raiders, and they had pretty much ransacked the area in the source material. when traversing the location, van came across a red key raider known as edwin chiru, who was at a sand crawler banthe agreed to help churu scavenge valuable equipment from the vehicle. and this is where the pair found boba fett's armor. it turns out that boba fett had escaped the sarlacc and he was found by jowas, who then stripped him of the equipment. but that's a topic for another video. if you do want to know the ins and outs of it, though, yeah, then make sure you check out our video on how boba fett survived, which will be linked at the end, otherwise i'll bloody fight you. now, both chiru and vanth wanted the armor, and the latter managed to best the former, taking it for himself. cobb allowed chiru to live so that he could pass on a warning to his boss, logan mavelin in the hopes that he would leave the town. he didn't, and not long after, vanth returned to mos palgo and single-handedly drove away the raiders. he became the sheriff of the area, and this is pretty similar to what we see happen in the show. now, most palgo was actually renamed to freetown, and cobb trained up the residents of the area so that they would be ready to fight off any more raider attacks. these came several times, and the village was raided at multiple points, but the locals managed to fight back. the death of jabba the hutt had really caused the power struggle on the planet. and without the empire there to occupy things either, there were several other factions that rose in the vacuum that was created. now the books themselves, namely the aftermath collection, follows cobb as he goes through the trials and tribulations of being a sheriff. one centers around cobb stopping the red key raiders from smuggling out a hutlet. and he even kills malakili, who who you will know from return of the jedi, and i'm sorry, so sad. and not long after this, the raiders launched an attack on mos palgo, which was led by none other than logan. turns out that mavalan wanted to enslave the people of pelgo, and the villain was actually planning on taking over the entirety of tatooine in the wake of the power vacuum. however, cobb was ready for him. and palgo had formed a unity with the tuscan raiders in the area in order to fight off mavellen's forces. cobin co defeated logan, and palgo was safe once more. now, depending on what stories you read, depends on a lot of things that could happen with the character. in some of the expanded lore boba, fett does get his armor back at some point, but how he does this depends purely on what you pick up. there are a lot of avenues in which this could happen. and it is quite interesting that in the show, fett didn't actually go after vanth himself. we do know that the armor is pretty much laser proof, and maybe ferret was biting his time until cobb dropped his guard, or it was removed from him. fett has tuscan raider garbon, and it is possible that he was living amongst them in the desert, waiting for the perfect moment to take it back. he and mando will likely find some common ground. and it is possible that, because he is a clone, that he will help define the origins of baby oda, who, if the theory turns out to be true, is a clone of yoda. now, the expanded universe dealt with a lot of stories in which baba continued his journey as a bounty hunter. and he even had a family at some point. we're kind of getting a bit sidetracked here. but as for vanth, i think that this season will likely follow a similar sort of path to the original one, in which mando slowly started to build up allies. remember that moth gideon is still after him, and van would prove to be a powerful ally, even if he no longer has his mandalorian armor. i doubt that this is the last that we will see of the character, and i think it would be amazing if we got him back at some point. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the character. so make sure you comment below and let me know if you enjoyed this video, then drop a thumbs up. yeah. and make sure you check out our breakdown of who the mysterious character at the end of the latest episode of the mandalorian could be. don't forget, we're giving away three copies of the marvel phase two box set. and all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below. the winner is going to be chosen at random on the 30th of november, so make sure you get involved. our winners of last month's competition are now on our community tab, so definitely check that out after this. you want to support the channel and get to see content early, and please consider clicking the join button below. you can also become chapters on the discord server linked in the description, or heavy spoilers on twitter. thanks for making it until the end of the video. you've been the best i've been. paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. um, 