hello and welcome to another episode of movie spoiler alerts. today we're talking about the 2009 fantasy adventure film, Harry Potter and the half-blood Prince, the sixth Harry Potter film. so let's get started. this film does require that you've seen the previous films. if you need a spoiler for it, check out the link in the cards. as the film begins, we seem Voldemort is gaining power in both the Wizarding and milk worlds, kidnapping the wand maker Ollivander and destroying the Millennium Bridge. after his father's arrest, Draco Malfoy is chosen by Voldemort to carry out a secret task. Snape makes in a breakable vow with Draco's mother, Narcisa. the Hugh help Draco and fulfill the promise. if he fails, we transition to see Harry accompany Dumbledore to a visit a former potions professor, Horace Slughorn, and convinced him to return to Hogwarts to teach. Harry reunites with his friends and visits throngs from twin brothers, joke shop and Diagon Alley, which they opened after dropping out of school. however, they see Drake. you enter into a dark alley with a group of Death Eaters. Harry is convinced that will dorme Draco, a Death Eater, but Ron and Hermione are skeptical. at Hogwarts, Harry receives an old potions book filled with old notes and spells for his previous owner, the half-blood Prince. using the book, Harry begins to do exceptionally well in potions, a class he often struggled in, and receives a vial of Felix Phyllis's which grants its users perfect look. Ron joins the Quidditch team and begins a relationship with lavender brown, which makes remaining jealous. hair reveals to Hermione that he has feelings for Ron sister Ginny. at Christmas with the Weasleys, Harry discusses his suspicions with the order of the Phoenix, and it is revealed that draco may have been interested in a vanishing cabinet, which allows the transport of items between two cabinets. Bellatrix, other Death Eaters arrive and set fire to the Weasley Bekka, Hogwarts, Ron is nearly killed by drinking poisonous Mead that was intended for Dumbledore as he is recovering rod murmurs Hermione's name, ending his relationship with lavender. harry confronts Malfoy and severely injures Malfoy with one of the half-blood prince spells. Snape intervenes and heals Draco. Harry and Ginny hide in a secret room called the Room of Requirement, and they both share their first kiss. Dumbledore shows Harry memories of a young Tom Riddle, and has revealed that Slughorn has a vital memory to defeating Voldemort. Harry needs to convince Slughorn to give the true memory of his conversation with young Tom Riddle. Harry uses the felix Filosa slug potion and gets the true memory. they learned that Voldemort wanted information on creating Horcruxes, or way to split your soul into objects to protect your life. Dumbledore concludes that Voldemort must have done this, splitting his soul seven times, and that two of the Horcruxes are already destroyed, Tom Steyer and Tom's mother's ring, which Dumbledore has destroyed. Harry and Dumbledore traveled to a seaside cave to try to find slytherins locket, another Horcrux. after facing many challenges, they take the locket and return to Hogwarts. meanwhile, draco helped several Death Eaters enter Hogwarts through a vanishing cabinet. in the Room of Requirement, Dumbledore makes Harry hide, and then Draco arrives, disarms Dumbledore, revealing he was chosen to kill dumbledore. but Draco is unable to do so, so Snape steps in, performing the killing curse Avada Kedavra, and kills down the door. Harry tries to fight Snape, but Snape overpowers him, or feeling that he's actually the half-blood Prince, the Death Eaters escape, and the next days, the staff at students mourn Dumbledore's death. Harry reveals to Ron and Hermione that the locket they found was a fake, and it contained a message stating that someone with initials are a bee stole the real locket with the intent of destroying it. the gang decides that they will skip their final year of school and vowed to seek and destroy the remaining praxis. so that was the spoilers for Harry Potter and the half-blood Prince. if you have a film you'd like to see me spoil please let me know in the comments below. check out movie's spoiler alerts on the various forms of social media, and remember to like and subscribe. thanks for watching. 