welcome to thriller recapped. today i will show you an egyptian drama film called sheikh jackson. spoilers ahead. watch out and take care. this movie is about an islamic cleric, or priest, who is a fan of michael jackson, and is thrown into trauma after the moment of singer's death. the movie starts with Khalid, a religious priest or, sheikh, in a mosque. he is having a session with his psychologist where he explains that he can no longer cry anymore. and she asks if it has anything to do with a dream he is having lately, where he is dead and few people are taking his body in a funeral. the next day, we see him trying to sleep under the bed, thinking it will help him in any way. and then he gets ready to go and make a prayer in the mosque. in the mosque, we see him making the prayer and trying to cry. the psychologist asks him, why does he want to cry? which he replies, in his faith, it's considered to cry when they're making a prayer to ask for forgiveness from the sins they've done. later, he shows his wife, aisha, a ring where he can press red button to count when he commits a sin, and green when he does a good deed. so she presses the green button a couple of times by saying he makes her happy, which is good deed as well. later, he goes to the living room and comes across a dance video of beyonce in his daughter's computer. next morning, he makes breakfast for his daughter and asks aisha to stop organizing kitchen stuff and have breakfast. then he drops aisha and his daughter to school. he looks at a woman in western clothes and then presses the red button. in the radio, he hears the news that michael jackson passed away. and in shock, he loses control of his car and crashes, mentioning it to psychologists that he cannot cry since that moment. in the flashback, we see his dad dropping him to home. back to the present, we hear him saying he feels guilty because he no longer remembers the hair color of his mom. he only had black and white pictures. later, his father points at michael jackson on tv and makes fun of him. before going to bed, he asked his mom about thoughts on mj, which she says, he's the best singer in the world, and he shouldn't listen to his dad's opinions. he asks why she thinks so, and she replies that mj reminds her of his son, who is also thin, crazy and different from others. next day in school, he and his classmate called Sherine, are punished for not writing essays. and they talk with each other and find out they both like mj. soon his father comes to school, and the teacher starts complaining to him about the homework, which he replies, his wife is in hospital and he doesn't have time to worry about a school homework. upon arriving at the hospital, they find out khalid's mom passed away, and he recalls to psychologist by saying that was the first time he cried. later, halle decides to take a train to his home. and he is listening to a podcast of a religious scholar where he talks about the importance of afterlife and doing good deeds. he sees people enjoying their time and train, and one man doing mj's famous moonwalk. then we see him covered in a white sheet, struggling. and another person next to him happens to be mj. and the surrounding is on fire with a big snake in front of him. he then wakes up from under the bed and then decides to go to mosque. however, today he is having mistakes in prayer and couldn't concentrate. then the psychologist asks him, when was the second time he cried? in flashback, we see him in high school time in class with shireen and cheering her up. he's definitely charmed by her. later that day, he goes to see his father, who has already moved on from khaled's mom's death. he asks for tuition money and leaves. he then goes to store and buys michael jackson's latest album with that money, he then gets back to home and enjoys his time listening to the songs. his father knocks the door and asks if he paid the fees for his lessons. then he leaves. the next day, he shows the latest album to shireen, and she likes it, so he gives it to her at home. his father scolds him for not working out and being weak, which he goes to his room and holds the necklace his mom gave him, and he breaks down. back in the present, aisha, his wife, she says she wants to do a plastic surgery so she looks more attractive than other women. to him, khalid gets offended and assures her that he loves her the most the way she is already. next day, he hears his daughter listening to beyonce. he then unplugs the wi-fi connection to her room. later, when he is praying, his daughter comes out and asks about the internet, which he replies, it's a punishment and will only be fixed when she knows the reason behind it. later that night, he cannot sleep, so he goes to hospital to get his ct scan done and his eyes checked as well. upon reaching home, he sniffs onions to make himself feel any emotion. then psychologist asks him why he sleeps under the bed, which he replied, after we all die, we will be buried under the soil, and no human is better than other. later when he is praying, he sees michael jackson joining the prayer. he tries to pray, but when he turns around, he sees everyone dancing. he rages up and attacks one of them. but unfortunately, it turns out it was all in his head. in flashback, shireen gives him ticket for mj's dance party. when he arrives there, the bouncer denies his entry by saying only couples are allowed. he then tricks the bouncer and gets into the party, but bouncer beats him up. later, his dad finds out and takes him to the club so he can take his revenge with the guard. but khaled says he forgives him instead. and they all make fun of him. next day, he goes to see his psychologist, and we finally see her face, dr noor. he points that her flowers are dead. then she says, let's start with the beginning. in flashback, we see shireen calling him jackson, since he likes mj a lot. she's impressed because khalid had an opportunity and he didn't hit the bouncer. she likes his mom's given necklace and invites him to dance competition. later that day, we see him practicing and enjoying some moves from mj. his dad comes in from the noise and throws his clothes while asking him if he paid the money for school. upon hearing the truth, he slaps his son. then their session is over, and she asks if he wants another session which he denies and leaves. later that night, he goes to a cemetery and asks to go in the tomb. he then sees strange and weird things inside. he sees his mom, his dad, his younger versions and mj as well. he then opens one door and goes in. flashback, his dad is assaulted by the husband of woman he was hanging out with. his dad gives him advice to make sure his girl is not married before kissing her. back to the present, he goes to the mosque for a gathering, and he sees mj joining the hall, again, being upset, he leaves from there. later he goes to home, and he is sitting alone, and decides to text shireen from his childhood on facebook, asking to meet up. when they meet, she says he looks different and couldn't recognize him. and back to flashback, they joined the dance party. she says he was the first person she thought of when mj died, since he loved him so much. then they meet outside the cafe. he asks why she used to like him, which she replies, why you never liked yourself? you were the kindest. in flashback, he shows her moonwalk, and she leans for a kiss, but she coughs and tells him she has asthma. and he remembers how his mom died due to it. he then leaves. back in the present, he kisses her and she pushes him away. on the way to home, he presses the red button couple of times on his ring, being mad on his actions. in flashback, his father is drunk and calls him trash. he then says he started hating himself the way he hates him. and later that night, he leaves his father's home in prison. he goes back to see his dad. they talk a bit, and his father says that his wife was like mango, soft from outside, but a stronger person from inside. however, himself, he is like coconut, tough from outside, but soft from inside. then he starts crying. later they say goodbye, and his dad says he will always leave his door open for him. the next day, he reinstalls the wi-fi for his daughter and apologizes to his wife. he then revisits dr noor with new set of new flowers and reads a poem he wrote in his childhood, in which his mom explains that the meaning of his name, khalid, means immortal. but he says he felt sad after knowing that even a star will die one day, and nothing stays forever. but he says he only felt alive when he was listening to mj, and he wants to live in that feeling. and then we see him dancing like mj again, and finally getting a closure from the bad memories. we can say that now he started loving himself, of what he is, not of what others want him to be. and the movie ends. let me know what you think about this movie and comments. and please like and subscribe. it really helps the channel 