welcome to the man recaps. this is the bachelor, episode 9. we begin on the dramatic cliffhanger. Madison pulled Peter aside right after the rose ceremony to tell him something we know. her big secret is that she's saving herself for marriage. she doesn't tell Peter this. she does tell him, though, after 10 minutes of sitting on the bench sighing, that him sleeping with the other girls during fantasy suite week would be a deal-breaker for her. in no way do I want to like, give you like, an ultimatum. we're like, Carly made them. then they're off to Australia for fantasy suites. the girls are thrown a bit of a twist. normally they would be in separate hotel rooms during this week, but this time they're having them all stay together for maximum awkwardness and for maximum drama. Madison will be going last. so the first date is with Hannah, and they ride jet skis and romantically make out in the sunset. classic bachelor stuff here. and these two get along great. there's no problems. they go up to the fantasy suite. yes, it's Hannah Ann who's been the girl in the preview with a steamy shower scene. so good for these two. in the morning, Hannah and comes back to the girls rooms, and it is painfully awkward as she tries not to seem like she just had sex four times in the shower. next up is Victoria, whose hometown was ruined by a big fight. but she and Peter put that behind them. they go for a helicopter ride and a waterfall champagne. they really tried to talk it out, figure out why they have such a hard time communicating. basically, Victoria's like, sorry, I'm just a guarded person, and my defense mechanism is to walk away from difficult conversations. but I like you, Peter, so let's bring the walls down. so these two are closer than ever. they go to their fantasy suite and have a great night, a really cute morning wake up session where Victoria's walls are down and it seems like Peter could legitimately choose her. once again, she goes back to the girls room for a painfully awkward conversation as Madison's like, so how'd it go? and Victoria tries to look like she didn't just have the best sex of her life. so finally, it's Madison's turn. and she's been a front-runner since the beginning because she and Peter just had a super close, natural connection. they're going to apparently climb a building. oh, there's stairs. I thought they were gonna rappel up the side Mission. Impossible. style. anyway, it's a beautiful view, and these two cement that they're very much in love. but at dinner, they have to have the hard conversation. Madison finally tells him that she is saving herself for marriage, and that's why him sleeping with the other girls would bother her so much more than normal. she's like, if you did have sex with these other girls, I don't think I could continue. Peters like, Maddie, I really respect your values, um, they're not the same as mine, though, I did have a bunch of sex. Madison is devastated. she has to walk away and cry in the corner. Peter's like, hey, I'm sorry. I really like you though, and I hope you, you know, are willing to not walk away from this, because you're probably the one I was gonna pick. and that's where they leave us with Madison uncertain if she can move forward in this relationship. with Peter in the next time on, though, we get confirmation she is not at the final rose ceremony. it looks like Madison bails and goes home, leaving Peter with a real difficult dilemma. if he runs after her and tries to win her back, maybe he can and they'll live happily ever after, but maybe she'll still say no. and of course, the other two girls don't want to be second choice. apparently, next week is the women tell all episode, which promises to bring back a ton of drama. hopefully it's funny and not just excruciating. but in two weeks, we'll find out how this crazy bachelor season comes to an end. if you liked this recap, hit that subscribe button. I'm bringing you the best recaps of TV and movies, so don't miss out. [Music]. 