welcome to the heavy spoiler show. i'm your host, paul. and it looks like what happens in las vegas is gonna stay in las vegas, as our heroes back home still have no idea what's going on. the fifth episode has just released, and it's, it's a weird one, isn't it? it's a weird one. now, i'd actually been watching advanced reviews of the season to gauge people's thoughts on it, and they all said that this is where the show went completely off the rails. i kind of agree to some extent, but we're going to be talking about it in the video. now, if you've been enjoying the coverage so far, then i'd massively appreciate it if you hit the thumbs up button, as it helps me to help you digest what we've just watched. if you're still not subscribed to the channel, then make sure you do, as we're going to be doing in-depth one division breakdowns starting from tomorrow, and you definitely don't want to miss them. anyway. episode 5 picks up with dana jurgens, who successfully infiltrated rhino flag's operation in the city of sin the time jumps are pretty much missing from this entry, and instead we get quite a straightforward story, which travels from place to place, rather than backwards and forwards through time. working undercover as an engineer on the hoover dam, dana picks up the attention of julie lowry after asking too many questions about randall flagg. now if you've read the book, then you'll know, similar to what we see in the show, in order to speak to him, she has to go through his right hand man, lloyd, who we see has been living in what he classes as heaven. hey, looks better than most of the things i've heard from people who went on holiday to vegas. anyway, lloyd states that he rides the elevator all the way to the top, which typically means that someone has access to everything. but in this episode, it's literal, as we learn that flag lives on a penthouse floor which overlooks the city. now the journey that dana goes on in the episode differs slightly from what's laid out in the book, and she actually sleeps with lloyd in order to reach the devil man. now, though dana was willing to go ahead with the deed she's saved by julie. however, it does hint towards how dedicated she is to this mission. had me saying, damn, i don't mean the hoover one. hey, you having that? now, after getting a good look over the abandoned city, we can see tom cullen riding in on his bike from last week. i don't know if mike is the correct term, but he's almost placed into the slave cages before being saved by one of the bouncers. we learned that a real witch flag has is that anyone who comes to the city voluntarily cannot be forced into this. and it also lets us certainly know that they have been capturing people and taking them there. not everyone is lucky enough to live with the survivors. and therefore it hints towards the darker side of the city. now, juxtaposing that more sinister side, when we see las vegas from dana's perspective, it looks like the kind of place that would get you instantly demonetized on youtube if you showed any of it. sounds like my kind of monday. but it's clear that the character is definitely disgusted by it all. elsewhere nadine and harold are destroying their clothes from last week after the pair were complicit in the murder of teddy. they make it look like he took his own life. and since no one is part of csi miami, they buy this story that he shot himself in the heart. seems pretty stupid. but larry suspects that something else is afoot, and this eventually leads him to start taking a closer look at harold. now, harold himself actually hints towards a big change from the source material when he talks about showcasing some of the movies that teddy collected. in the original work, the plan to plant the explosives was actually at a completely different location, which i don't want to spoil, just in case it goes back to that. but it does seem here that he's gonna be doing it at the cinema event, which is teased at in this moment. that's just a theory, and the plan could, of course, change. but i actually appreciate how they set up the cinema motif with freddy, which then, could, of course, become a place that harold ends up attacking. now, another diversion from the source material, comes when abigail lambast nick for sending out spies. in the book, she actually left before finding this out. and they did alter things quite a lot. originally, abigail believed that she had sinned by being proud, and went into the wilderness on a journey similar to what jesus did in the bible. this absence made the committee decide to send in spies. but here they actually add motive to why she's so afraid. towards the end of the entry, she's confronted by a wolf, which is, of course, the symbol of randall flagg, and then flees, showing that she may have even been scared of what's to come. i'm not that religious, but if i knew for definite that god was talking to me, then i probably would have held off until he said to do anything. it's a bit weird to me that nick was her voice and disobeyed her. but it does tie more into this general bible aesthetic. abigail discusses how the israelites sent spies, which led to them being in the desert for 40 years. and this, of course, intersects really well with the desert city of las vegas. after avoiding a bit of romance with julian lloyd, the latter of which, i think, is wearing a michael jackson jacket. dana notices tom working as someone that clears up bodies in the gladiator pit. julie recognizes him, which is very significant for things going ahead. and flag is, of course, looking out for the spies amongst his ranks. but i think because of his mental capabilities, that he's not had his mind read. now we can see firsthand that flag can levitate, and he's worshipped as a god by his followers. a creepy moment comes when he looks directly at dana, whilst we can still hear his voice in the background. and though i would have got the hell out of there, she still continues her mission. he overlooks everything in an almost crucifixion pose. and i think the character's design in general is meant to be similar to jesus, to show us that he is indeed the antichrist. he reaches out to nadine, who is she pooing in the bed. never mind nadine who's scorned by a flag, offering her to harold. and she really goes on a journey in this episode. and seems to want to free herself from his control. now throughout the episode, we learned that in order to do this, she must lose her virginity. throughout the breakdown, she discussed how the character promised herself the flag, and how he has used this to manipulate her. thus, she throws herself at harold in order to escape. harold dodges a bullet and lets one go in his pants. and like last week, i bet the guy is glad he didn't get into that one. not long after, he's invited to a meal with fran and stew so that the former can spy on him. i was actually thinking that fran might just be being a nice person, but it turns out she's really not. they kind of paint her out in a different light in this episode, as we see how much she cares about her image and being perceived as someone that's very kind. harold tells a story that used to float around their town when she was younger, about how she gave him an ice cream once. but we discovered that it never actually happened. this story has been told so many times that fran actually believes it. and it shows harold as being more of a victim who's been used so that she can seem good. clearly, because of all the things he did for her on the road, he's been starting to see her as someone who isn't as angelic as he thought. and this does tie into why he might take the path he does. it definitely shows her in another way. and we see this murder nadine, who has a change of heart after meeting mother abigail, unlike flag, she's very open. and this is shown in her piano, which she leaves the top of so that kids can see the strings. in fiction, strings are often used as a symbol of someone puppeting other people. but the fact that abigail has these out in the open cements that, even though she is slightly controlling, she's open and honest about it. this is the complete opposite to flag, who traditionally appears playing card games. as we all know, when you play chords, you tend to hide your hand. so this hints to us that we don't really know what he's doing. he holds all the cards, whereas abigail wants to work with people and show them what's going on. and it's a really subtle thing that adds a lot of subtext to the show. after telling nadine she has a choice, nadine goes to larry and asks him to sleep with her. he, of course, can't because he has a mission, and probably because he's been reading the daily mail. now this is different to the book, as in that larry was in a relationship with lucy swann, who has been completely cut from the mini-series. he plays it off as being something that's better for joe if they just stay as parental figures for him. but clearly she's bummed out, and does some of the best acting that i've ever actually seen from her. you very much. now, across town, larry breaks into harold's home. and you might recognize the music in the background, as it was actually used as a theme tune for netflix's show dark. shout out to all the people who watch my breakdowns on that i miss you guys. now, in the home, he finds the tom cruise mirror, which, it is a bit weird, now i think about it, i should probably take mine down too. and also, i kind of wonder why, why they keep doing this in the show. and i do have a theory that that they actually put this photo up so that they could say tom cruise featured in five episodes or something. i also wonder if they have to use to pay his image. but we're getting off track. we are. but let me know what you think in the comments below. now, similar to larry snooping around, harold places a camera in fran and stew's bedroom so that he can spy on them. and he makes an excuse and leaves. larry discovers nadine's t-shirt in his straw, and harold realizes that someone has been going through his home after a chess piece is slightly out of place. dana manages to get past the bouncer in vegas, and she meets tom to give him a note that says, run. this was actually said to her by flag when he stared at her. and hopefully her death, which comes next, actually spurs him on to go home. now, i might be misremembering this, as i read this story a while back, but i'm sure that dana didn't meet with tom. and i don't even remember her knowing who he was. i think they sent the spies in without telling them he was who, so that they wouldn't compromise one another. but clearly she does know who he is now in the work. i think she did recognize him eventually, but i don't remember anything about a note being passed. however, let me know below. now, the scene in which she attempts to take flag out differs slightly, as in that she originally took in a spring-loaded knife, which flag turned into a banana. maybe that was too close to that bitten infinity war for them to do. so instead, she stabs him in the neck, which doesn't actually work. flag tells her that he will send her home, and divulges that he knows judge varys is on the outskirts of town, which will likely be a big scene that we see play out next time. knowing that he will torture her until she gives up the others, she ends her own life. and in the original work, flag was furious about this and kicked the crap out of her body. he then ordered lloyd to dispose of it, and he cremated the corpse, stating that he was burning trash cutter fran and stew getting it on. and though she's heavily pregnant, a man james marsden doesn't mess about, harold watches over this and stew doing the deed is pretty much the polar opposite to how he was with her. in episode 1, we learned that harold spied on fran threw a hole in the fence, and this scene very much feels like an extension of that. through it, he learns that larry was indeed in his home. and everything is interrupted when we learn that mother abigail has disappeared, which ends the episode. now on the whole, i found this entry a bit jarring tonally, and some of the scenes in las vegas were just such a big shift that it felt almost neck breaking at points. i am still interested in the series, and there's actually only three episodes left of the main storyline before we go into the final episode, which contains king's new ending. it's going to be interesting to see if they can fit the rest of the plot into it and pull it off successfully. but i'd of course, love to hear your thoughts on the season so far, and if you're still on board or not, as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize draw where we're giving away three copies of the hobbit and lord of the rings 4k box set to our subscribers. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video. make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the links to our socials are in the description. and you can also support the channel by clicking the join button and as a thank you. you get videos like this early. if you want something else to watch, then make sure you check out our breakdown of the previous episode, which will be linked on screen right now. we go through the entire thing. so it's definitely worth watching if you need a catch up, or if you just missed it in general and want to hear more of my annoying voice, without the way. thank you for sticking through the video. i've been paul. i'll see you next time. take care. peace. 