hey you guys. so if you're the horror movies, chances are that you've heard of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre. so I was going to make a video about it, but during some of my research for the movie, I read that it is loosely based on the story of Ed Gein. now, just like with most other movies that claim to be based on real-life events and then proceeded to tell a mostly fictional story, I thought that the shocking, true story behind this movie was going to be that some dude owned a chainsaw once. but as I read just a little deeper into the story, I can honestly say that I've rarely ever read such a bizarre and crazy story. and my guess is that you'll feel the same way. so let's get into the real story that inspired the Texas Chain Saw movies. the story takes place in Plainfield, Wisconsin. it's a fairly small town. at the time, it had less than a thousand people living there. one day in 1956, people find the local hardware store has blood stains all over the floor and the owner is missing. the same day, Ed Gein is arrested. and the story that inspired multiple iconic horror movies is born. but what happened? for that, we have to go back to 1906. this is the year that Ed was born. and his parents weren't great, to say the least. his father couldn't hold down a job, and therefore decided to take the little money he had left and buy a farm in Plainfield, where he would live with his family. this farm would be disconnected from the rest of the town, and left the Gein family virtually isolated. while ed and his brother were growing up, their mother made sure that they got as little outside influence as possible. she made sure that nobody got too close to her boys. but eventually ed got to the age where he had to attend school. there was little to nothing she could do against this, as it was required by law. so she forced out to come home the minute school was over. the mother is obviously showing some pretty domineering traits, and she believed that humanity and the world was evil. and she would constantly tell her sons this, and even punished them if they tried to make friends. but who the mother truly couldn't stand for other women. she told her sons that all women are nothing but a bad influence that is controlled by the devil, all except herself, of course. so with no friends, no girls and little to no time outside the farm, the brothers spent their time at home, working and doing menial chores. with all of this, you would expect it to slowly develop a strong hate towards his mother. but actually the opposite true. ed thought his mother was his best friend. later on, to no one's surprise, edy developed fairly strange habits. his classmates recall him randomly laughing in class when there was nothing to laugh at. and he would also stare at people in a way that most people described as creepy. despite his abuse of an unhealthy childhood, it seemingly became a fairly normal adult he and his brother were both looked at as genuinely nice and helpful people in the community. ed would even babysit other people's children, and he seemed to really enjoy it. as adults, he and his brother would still live in Plainfield on the farm and also do some work there. so it seems like Ed's childhood was certainly the low point of his life. but that trend would soon start to reverse. in 1940, his father died, the cause of which was closely related to his alcoholism. later on, in 1944, while ed and his brother were working on the farm, a small and initially controlled fire got completely out of control, burning away a good chunk of their land. the fire department eventually arrived and slowly got things under control. just after the fires were extinguished and everything seemed to be back on track, his brother was nowhere to be found. he told the authorities about this, and a search party formed quickly to help find his brother. he will soon discovered lying on the floor dead, with his face down in the dirt. so now it's just ed and his mother. since he was very close to his mother, he still did enjoy this time, as he regarded his mother as his best friend. and during this time, they spent more time together as ed would actively take care of her. unfortunately, this was only short-lived, as she also died just a year later, shortly after she had her second stroke. so after the fourth tragedy in just five years, Ed's family is dead, and he is alone, no family, no career. he continued to live on the farm, and it's at this point that it becomes known as well just how eerily close ed and his mother were. he started to board up all the rooms that she had used the most and made sure that they were in a perfect and untouched condition. with a big form alter zone, he slowly started to slip further into a deeply unstable state. and during this time, he started to become obsessed with ever increasingly violent stories. so here we are, the winter of 1956. a local store owner is missing. but of course, people don't take it too seriously at first. I mean, a grown-up not being seen for 24 hours. that could mean a million different things. but things didn't seem so innocent once people found numerous bloodstains on the floor of the store. the son of the owner noticed that the last person to enter the store the night before was Ed Gein. and the last receipt written was for a bottle of antifreeze, the same exact thing that Ed wanted to buy. so the police find an arrest ed and head to the farmhouse to investigate this a little more and potentially find the evidence. they arrived at the farm and made their way into the shed. this is where the cops found the store owner decapitated. she had hung upside down with the wrists tied up. they found out that she had been shot and after her death, the body was completely mutilated, similar to the way that you would gut livestock. after this, the police slowly made their way into the house. it's here where they found a ton of human bones, a basket made out of human hair, skulls with a top stone off, bowls made from skulls and clothing made from skin. in the description, I've linked it to a website if you want to see the entire list, giving you over 10 more items that were found. but the worst thing they discovered, in my opinion, was an ominous looking paper. an officer reached into it, and what he found inside was a woman's face that was cut off and had been turned into a mask. the woman was later identified as a person who had been missing, who ed had also killed. so what happened was that the vast majority of these items were taken off of people's dead bodies while they were aligned six feet under in a nearby graveyard. so it was digging up dead people and would use their bones, hair and skin. when the police asked why, why on earth he would create something that looked like a full-body suit made out of human skin that was stolen from female corpses he said that he wanted to become like his mother and crawl inside her skin. needless to say, he was put on trial for his crimes. afterward, she was put into a mental hospital for the criminally insane. he later died of lung cancer in a different mental hospital in 1984. so if you pay close attention and you love horror films as much as I do, you probably noticed that this seems eerily similar to a number of cuts of various horror films. and there is no coincidence. Ed Gein did not just inspire the filmmakers of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, but also Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho and American Horror Story, Asylum, as well as more than half a dozen films that were loosely based on his crimes. so that's it for the story. let me know what you thought of it. anyways, I hope you enjoyed it, and I hope that I get to see you guys in the next video. thanks for watching. you 