welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition aka your friendly neighborhood spoiler man. and this week we're breaking down the most recent entry in the MCU, spider-man far from home, closed the door on phase 3 and set up the future of the universe after the events of Avengers endgame. there's a lot going on in the movie, and throughout this video, I'm gonna be breaking down the insane details within the film, a tie-in to other elements of the MCU. I've covered some of these aspects before, but just in case you haven't watched those videos, we'll be going through the ins and outs of the entire film. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here. so if you haven't had a chance to see the movie yet, then I highly recommend that you war crawl your way out of here. make sure you subscribe to the channel, because we do break down cyclist every day. and please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video. without the way, thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into our breakdown of spider-man far from home. ok. so the movie picks up in the aftermath of avengers endgame. tony's absence is felt throughout the film, including drawings and classrooms at the start, murals on walls. and pretty much every city in the film is paying tribute to him in some ways. not only does tony's memory linger over peter, his image is also used by Mysterio as one of the ways that he manipulates the character before making his, quote-unquote, sacrifice play. Mysterio mimics Tony Stark by snapping his fingers to make Peter believe that they are similar in their actions. when Peter drops the Edith glasses, one of t Mysterio picks him up and hands them over, highlighting that he's irresponsible and will lose them. Mysterio also deliberately chooses a very similar look to Tony Stark in the first Iron Man movie. he slicked back his hair, has a beard, and, upon donning the Edith glasses, could be mistaken for the billionaire playboy. this tricks Peter into believing that, in some ways, he is a younger version of Tony, and it's one of the main reasons he sees him as being the true heir to the mantle. Mysterio traditionally looked like Spock from Star Trek in the comics. and when we see the character and flashback, he is clean-shaven. so he can assume that his hair and beard choice were done on purpose because he knew that Peter looked up to Tony. he also likely knows that the character has been very close to dr. strange, as they travel together to tighten an infinity war. Mysterio's magic - resembles the runes that strange uses, which further influences the character. his arms also resembled those costume in some ways, as they have a very similar texture. and in the end credits we can see that he did pull from the characters design. peter has mentioned that door used to be a myth and that they now study him in science class. so he would be aware of the character. Beck had clearly been following Peter for some time, and he actually appears behind him in Venice after Peter goes to buy the Black Dahlia necklace for MJ. if he jumped - 18 minutes and 15 seconds, you should be able to spot him on the left-hand side of the screen stalking the character. he's not alone either. and throughout the scene, we also see kutiman, who appears behind MJ and Peter as they stroll along the canal. we see later in the movie that Goethe man is the storyteller of the group that writes all of the events that happen. he drives the bus for the class and escapes the kill zone at one point, even tipping his hat to the students who he believes are going to die. there's also a blonde woman that looks rather distinctive, and we see a pop up later in the movie as part of T Mysterio, so it seems like she's also checking things out. William Reaver also appears, and he's revealed to be a scientist from Ironman. this is Peter Billingsley, the kid from A Christmas Story. and he appeared in both movies, even shaving his head to be in the role. there's also several clues in the film that everything is not as it seems, long before we learn that T Mysterio are trying to get the Edith glasses. the first one of these comes during the water attack, in which we can see the outline of the drums in the water. Peter is punched full force by hydro-man. but if you slow down the footage and look really, really closely. you'll notice that when Peter is hit, the section of the bridge that also gets hit doesn't actually get wet. it just explodes a bit, and then the water from the canal rises up, and that's what soaks everything, rather than being a blast from the punch. interesting, right? well, there's also another subtle hint that Mysterio is fake. when Peter is out on the roof after being completely shut down by Nick Fury, I mean Tower, I mean Talos. during the scene, Mysterio flies in front of him. but in hindsight, we know that this isn't actually the character. so how does he end up sat next to Peter when the to go to talk? well, as Peters walking, you will notice that the camera pans from a doorway behind him, which also mimics someone walking from the back to sit next to Peter. and then Mysterio joins him. so I believe that Mysterio was hidden at this point and snuck behind him from the doorway and sat on the ledge, which is where the illusion came together and allowed him to take off his helmet. another big hint that everything is all an illusion comes when Peter is fighting the fire elemental and Nick Fury and Maria hill arrive at the scene in their jeeps. during the attack, there's a brief moment where one of Mysterio's hand laser beam dr. strange thingies, hits the car, but instead of causing it to explode or be melted, all we see are bullet holes in the windshield. this clearly comes from the drone, and is, in fact, them just firing at the car in order to make it stop. it's a nice little hint early on that really is a blink and you'll miss a moment that showcases just how much of an illusion everything really was. the movie ends with Mysterio revealing the identity of Peter to the world, but it was actually a setup for this earlier in the film that shows Peter may have given him the idea. when coming up with excuses for why he can't help fury, the old webhead says, if I'm seen like this in Europe after the Washington Monument, my whole class will figure out who I am, and then the whole world will figure out who I am, and then I'm done. this was said in front of Beck, and it likely led to him making the decision that he did. in the other post-credit scene, we learn that Nick Fury and Maria Hill actually Scrolls in disguise, whilst the real versions are on vacation. there were also several clues that point towards this throughout the film. when Nick Fury tells Peter that Mysterio is from the multiverse, he states that the character is from earth, just not yours. if Nick was from Earth, then he would say he's from Earth, just not ours. later in the movie, we hear him and Maria Hill discussing Kree during one of their conversations, which lets you know that they too may not be what they seem. Nick also hates the thought of Captain Marvel being brought into it. so yeah, he's a scroll. the clues are all there. in the post-credits scene, we catch a Nick on a tropical beach, which may be a reference to Tahiti from agents of shield. it's a magical place, I've heard. at one point in the film, Peter meets with Nick, and he gets into a top-of-the-range car. the seatbelt on this snaps quite easily, which makes fury give him a very stern look. later Peter falls out of the skies Reaper after Mysterio's illusion comes down, and he hits a crappy, beat-up, run-down car. this is the same car that he and fury pulled up in. and it explains why the seat belt broke so easily. when a hologram of Fury arrives, it's given away that he's fake, as the police in the background did not move. now this film shows Tony in quite a bad light by making it seem like he was really bad to his staff. however, there is potential that they've all twisted what really happened in their heads in order to villainize him. this is because in Captain America Civil War, the audience is silent when Tony Stark says that the project is called Baath. however, in contrast, in far from home, when Tony says this, the audience will start laughing. this implies that Mysterio remembers it differently and that the reality of it wasn't nearly as bad. another fun thing in the film is Flash Thompson, who has the most hilarious bits of trivia in the movie. firstly, his Instagram account is called Spidey number one fan. when he does a stream, we can also see that as followers, or pretty much all bots, which shows that he isn't as popular as he thinks he is. when Peter Don's the Edith glasses and looks around the bus, we can see a message from flash to his mother, and which he asks why his parents haven't been in touch. they failed to show up to greet him at the airport. so you can see why would turn to fake followers. and and yeah, I feel a bit bad for the guy. now, in addition to this, we can also see that Dimitri's messages are encrypted. and this is because he works for Nick Fury. now, the movie is absolutely packed with Easter eggs and references to the comics. when happy Hogan and Peter talk, we can see a poster that is advertising a wrestling match between crusher Hogan and bone saw McGraw. the former is who Peter fought in the comics, and the latter is who Peter fought in the Sam Raimi film, spider-man. when taking a photograph, they say, pizza. and you can actually hear a character say, Pizza time, very faintly, which is a nod to spider-man 2. also by Raimi. Betty calls her class Tigers, which could be referencing their mascot. however, it's also likely a reference to Mary Jane calling Peter tiger in the comics. we also see some fake films on the plane, including the snap, which is directed by Paul Greengrass. he often makes films based on real world events, so it makes sense that he would adapt the events of the MCU. there's also finding Wakanda, which is funny because it's been hidden for centuries, hunting Hydra and noba with dr. Erik Selvig. there is, of course, also ha to buy in the Tony Stark story, which may be a nod to the Iron Man spin-off character iron heart. on the plane, Ned plays beast Slayers, and he wins by using a halberd. later in the film, happy asks for a spear, and he corrects him by saying, that's a halberd. there are several suits unhappy ship that all pulled from the comics. and these have appeared in a number of graphic novels, including the original iron spider design from the Civil War series Marvel. Zombies also get their own nod with an undead Tony Stark appearing in the film. the spiders that crawl out of his eyes, yep, you guessed it, black widows. towards the end of the film, we also see a hint towards phase 4, and it lets us know that there are a lot of big things in store down the line. I can't wait to see what happens in phase 4 going forward. I'm just really hopeful that we actually live long enough to see the movies released. happy days. and that's our entire list. as always with the MCU. I had a hell of a lot of fun making this, and I hope you enjoyed it too. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the tidbits, so comment below and let me know if you want something else to watch that makes you check out our breakdown of all the insane details that we noticed in avengers endgame. there's some crazy details in that. so definitely check it out. after this, every month on the 15th, we give away free blu-rays. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning the Star Wars Skywalker saga box set, it's comment below, leave a like and subscribe with notifications on if you want to support the channel and get to see content early. and please consider clicking the join button below. you can also come chat to us on our discord server or a definition whitey on Twitter. those are the best ways to keep up to date with heavy spoilers. so hopefully we see over there very soon. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition, you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 