to fast-forward to the darkness. [Music]. [Applause]. [Music]. welcome to slash forward. the channel will be provide summarization and commentary on all your favorite popular and obscure horror movies. in this video, we're going to take a look at the 1986 Stuart Gordon movie from beyond. this is a follow up love crafty and collaboration between Gordon, Jeffrey Combs and Barbara Crampton, released just one year after the modern classic reanimate er. so you know it's gonna have a frenetic energy, plenty of gore, disquieting atmosphere, high probability of tentacles and a sizeable dose of the existential angst that comes from the recognition of man's pitiful insignificance as these screams into the unending abyss of our cold, limitless cosmos. so it's got that going for it. we open on Crawford Tillinghast flipping dials and fiddling switches on his science machine as he circles his most recent acquisition from Spencer Gifts. we find out his experiment works as he observes a floating, translucent hagfish approaching since he's not certain its nature, he lets it air swim right up to his eye and gets bit. Crawford quickly retreats to his mentor, dr. Pretorius is sex dungeon to confirm that the experiment was a success. they return to the lab together to verify the results, and dr. Pretorius is immersed in an overwhelming sense of while this is unfolding, a nosy neighbor calls the police about the noise and lights. when her dog runs off to seek one thousand years of power, she's compelled to follow. crawford, having apparently stared into the eye of Satan's butthole, pushes past her, and every man for himself, maneuver, is promptly arrested for running in tress slacks, it seems, it's hard to tell, because the police definitely cuff him before they even bother to check the house and find dr. Pretorius is now headless body. we come to find out that Crawford has been committed as a schizophrenic. in his awaiting trial, were introduced shortly to the golden girl, doctor McMichaels, played by Barbara Crampton. she's been called in to provide an opinion as to whether or not Crawford is fit to stand trial. she's immediately relieved of her shoulder pads. but don't worry, she has plenty more. as a result of their conversation, we learned that the experiments were designed to stimulate the pineal gland with resonant frequencies. were also treated to comb saying ginger with more gravitas than the term has ever been afforded. dr. McMichaels, seemingly titillated, wants to check this out, so she requests having Crawford release into her custody, since they still have some unanswered questions, like how Pretorius died or what happened to his head. the authorities agree. on the way out, they meet their escort, Ken Foree from Dawn of the Dead, playing Bubba, a multi-layered and well-developed supporting character I used to play pro football. realizing the only way forward is to move backward, they returned to 666 benevolent Street to find some answers. after Crawford briefly disappears, the crew is reunited, and they settle in for a hearty meal of garbage balls for dinner. in theory, as they get ready to wind up. the resonator retreated to some additional character building and rules. the Penuel stimulation gets underway, and we have what appears to be some sort of an unexpected boner party. after what appears to be the implied rejection of a devil's three-way, we are reintroduced to dr. Pretorius, who makes a creepy request. I you look kind of gooey, bro. this is a classic bandaid situation. that's to get it over with quickly, so I'll help out there. there you go. from here, it devolves into tentacle time. it ends with a narrow escape. the next morning, while wallowing in the shame of the previous night's pineal stimulation, the trio discusses the obvious need to get the hell out of the house. the experiment confirms that Crawford is not crazy. there's a lot of risk associated with it activating the machine. dr. McMichaels, however, appears to have had something awoken inside of her incredible creature. it must have total bodily control on a molecular level. perhaps pineal stimulation causes an accompanying sexual stimulation. there's so much to learn now fully committed to a shoulder pad free life of frivolity and sensuality. she insists that the experimentation must be pursued further, using the excuse that the results could lead to a possible cure for schizophrenia. yeah, before long, she gets herself back to that sweet, sweet resonance. this predictably leads to another encounter with dr. Pretorius, who reveals his new, improved form. this leaves some pretty grody visuals and nudity, which will skip over for the purposes of this video. block from the Machine. Crawford goes downstairs to try and disconnect the power at the main line, but is confronted by a horror from beyond. Bubba shows up and confirms it, some people do indeed buy that underwear you've always wondered about when browsing at Target. and he promptly joins in the struggles to reach a switch. [Music]. if it's got its teeth in him, you probably don't want to be yanking on him like that. they successfully power down the machine, but now they're in deep Bubba's determined to leave the house. Crawford his comatose, and dr. McMichaels is hooked to the stimulating sensations of voc by her resonating pineal gland. the scene that follows takes a while to play out, include some things I can't show here, and ends with a spontaneous resonation. this obviously leads to B's in, an unfortunate outcome for Bubba, who is picked clean to the bone. Pretorius comes back, creeping around, still looking for that kiss. and the audience gets slapped in the face with symbolism. Oh, [Music], beautiful is it? they managed to get out, but not without paying a significant price. they end up back at the hospital where we start the final act. croffer remains comatose with his pineal gland prairie dog, and doctor McMichaels is prescribed electroshock therapy. riding this wave to the end, the plot has now been reduced to a sequence of events intended to drive us toward the conclusion. let's observe them. Crawford, led by his third eye, is eating organs now for some reason, and is asked to stop the most polite way imaginable. doctor McMichaels manages to escape while the orderlies are distracted McMichaels hijacks a fan and Crawford separately steals an ambulance. they both end up finding their way back to the house. oh yeah, and Crawford has some serious eye sucking along the way. [Music]. McMichaels Kosan machine determined to destroy at this time, and plants a bomb on it that she apparently picked up at the bomb store on the way over, or something. it's fairly well put together. Crawford begins turtling and is overcome by his pineal needs, leading to a sequence that always makes me cross my legs for some reason. as they have a final showdown. Crawford attempts to take off again with some good old-fashioned stage running, but then decides he's done running for good after proclaiming he is properly bitch-slapped by dr. Pretorius. McMichaels is saved by a friendly pair of floating, translucent hagfish. Pretorius comes back after a fresh application of slime, and then retreated to a back and forth, orifice emergence contest between Crawford and Pretorius. it's similar to a set of Russian nesting dolls that are comprised completely of viscera. this provides enough time for McMichaels to verify the bomb is still set and then jump out of the window as it explodes, ending the movie with dr. McMichaels as a sole survivor, suffering no more than a mere open compound. spiral fracture of the need [Music]. could the penny old resonator have actually worked? not in theory, but in terms of the actual contraption made for use within the movie itself? upon watching this film, it seems as though the plot unfolds in a way that was possibly unintentionally pression. were the predictions within the movie actually coincidence? does sue record and have access to information that one else knew about? or did the production itself form a sort of hive consciousness that compelled the crew to create a narrative that unfolds in a way that's implicit of the future without their realization? following the theme of this movie, an experiment that expands the bounds of human perception, resulting in extra liminal intelligence, knowledge and interdimensional Sense experience. we're going to look into all of the meta predictions that were inadvertently or advertently made from within the movies universe, things such as The Simpsons, 50 shades of grey, the movie powder in Silence of the Lambs, dinner. the emergence of string theory, a model of the universe. it suggests that traditional particles are comprised of vibrating strings. Jim Carrey, the ozonator, water news, last news inator. and that's it for from being [Music]. 