[Music], hey, what's up guys. today i'll show you a supernatural thriller film the room. spoiler ahead. watch out and take care. matt is a broke artist struggling to make a living with his wife, who receives only a mean income as a translator. with all the savings left, they purchase a cheap, secluded manner in a remote area in maryland, hoping to escape the noisy and expensive city life. while renovating, they discover a large steel door that leads to an empty room. after experiencing frequent electrical shortages, the couple calls an electrician to check the wiring the next day, but only find the massive power lines tangling and running along the walls and floorboards of the property. because of that, the electrician leaves without doing any maintenance, but exclaims his surprise that the property is finally sold after some many years vacancy. considering the previous owners were murdered on site at night, matt searches the internet for the house history, and gets to know the deaths of a young couple who were murdered 40 years ago by a suspect john doe, with his identity unrecorded to the police. the suspect was later sent on trial and put into confinement in a local psychiatric hospital, where he couldn't even remember his own identity and explain his prime motive for the murder. shaken by the mysterious murder case, though, bat has to settle down here, for they can't afford to live somewhere else. later, he stumbles into the room and entertains himself with some alcohol. while drunkenly wishing for another bottle of alcohol, he's astonished to find that, after a flicker of the table lamp, the room promptly grants him a bottle full of the same alcohol as he wishes. the next morning, kate finds matt in the room surrounded by many famous paintings, such as mona lisa from da vinci in those from van gogh. matt is excited to explain that the room seems to possess some unknown magic power that can turn whatever wishes to the real kate doubts a little bit, but soon finds it true as she makes her first wish for a million of cash. over the next several days, the couple quit their jobs and party all day long in the magic room, which would never say no, but continuously satisfies their wishes and desires. flattered by the sudden wealth, they seem to have totally left the strange murder case behind. as time passes by, however, the two eventually get bored by such a luxurious life in which they can just get whatever they want without any pains and efforts. in order to cheer his wife up, matt proposes a raw hormone exercise to get a child as her companion, believing that they can afford the child a better life with the room's magic power. kate, however, gets angry and reminds him of her two previous, unforgettable miscarriages, which she can't put herself through until today. regretting that stupid proposal, though, the husband is soon horrified by kate's crazy idea, who wants to wish for a son from the magic room. despite matt's strong opposition, kate later wishes for a giant baby in the room secretly. in a great panic, matt tells her what she's done is wrong and tries to wish away the child in the magic room, but to no success. after all, noticing that his wife finds her comfort from the baby matt chooses to accept it. but later, worrying about the murder case, he leaves the house. someday in search of the killer. at psychiatric hospital, matt meets the killer, john doe, now an old man, wondering why he killed the owner couple 40 years ago. the old man, however, tells him nothing more than that he had to do that way. he then warns matt and his wife to leave that house before it's too late. matt leaves with so many questions unanswered. as he tries to refuel his car with some cash made by the magic room, he's frightened to notice that the cash placed in his pocket has turned to ash. he races back in fear and throws a handful of cash out of the window, which also turns into ash very soon. he then tests his theory by placing his van gogh painting partially over the threshold. as he suspected, anything that leaves the house experiences rapid aging and decay, while the rest staying inside remains undestroyed. wondering the secret hidden inside the magic room, he then breaks the floor and wall, but only finds its covered all over by the power lines, which he believes produce the unknown magic power and protect the stuff it creates from aging and decaying. just as he comes to this realization, kate tells him that she's taking the baby out for some fresh air. he hesitates and doesn't stop her. moments later, kate screams out in a panic when noticing the baby quickly ages outside the house. matt rushes to bring the baby back, but only finds he's turned into a young boy. knowing the truth, kate has to keep the boy inside the house ever since then, and tries hard to remove his curiosity to the outside world, claiming that it's totally contaminated by the deadly virus. someday, the boy nearly reaches out with his fingers, but fortunately gets stopped by the coming mother, who seals up all the doors and windows around subsequently to prevent that from happening again. the couple's marriage deteriorates as kate focuses too much of her attention on the boy, while matt chooses to ignore him entirely and becomes frustrated days later. however, the boy overhears the secret powers of the magic room. driven by his curiosity, he wishes for an outdoor world where he entertains himself with the snowman. kate admires her son's creativity in such a fantastic world, while matt, believing that it's just the beginning of their nightmare, drags the boy inside in anger and locks the room. right at that time, they're interrupted by a call from the john doe. it's revealed that the john doe was also a child wish granted by the room. as a result, his identity remains unknown to the police. frustrated by their sons aging on the outside, though, the former owner, couple soon realized that, as the creators themselves, they had to die in order for their son to live. eventually, the couple chose to end their lives in exchange for the life of their beloved son. matt and kate are shocked by the truth and find it hard to accept that. kate drives the car out in great frustration and sorrow and attempts to kill herself in order for her son to live, but to no success. on the other side, the sun loses his temper and argues to find his mom back, causing that to lose his patience finally, and thus tell him that kate is not his real mother. that night, kate comes back, still unwilling to accept the failure, she then proposes to try for a natural child with matt. the next morning, however, the two wakes up, but are shocked to find that their boy has turned into a hormone mature, but mine childish man, who ages himself purposely after overhearing that the two are gonna have another baby, and exclaims that kate lied to him about everything. he then threatens the couple with matt's gun, but is distracted by kate trying to calm him down and promising that they could be together forever. matt knocks him to the floor, and the two fall into a dogfight, but causing kate to lose her consciousness. when she awakens, matt tells her he'd killed their son while they fought for the gun, and his body is taken outside and turned into ash. heartbroken by the news, though, kate has to accept the outcome and is determined to leave the sad place forever. to her surprise, matt tries to convince her to stay here for long. alerted by his childish oral and body languages, kate suddenly realizes that that is actually her son in disguise who just turns himself into her husband. she struggles hard to run away, but to no success. the son overpowers her soon and begins to release his devil hormones on her. meanwhile, real husband, matt, while regaining his consciousness, breaks and tunnels through the walls before finally managing to free himself out of the confinement room. but he's shocked to find that he enters into the alternate outside that the sun created. he rushes into the replicated property just as the sun is assaulting kate. while the two come face to face, trying to sway kate to their side, kate figures out the fake mat and pushes him down the stairs. the two flees away quickly, and soon realize that they're confined by multiple layers of the same house created by the sun, which unfortunately gives the sun enough time to catch up. the sun corners them at the door of the house and stabs the husband to death immediately. he then tries to appease kate, but only finds she's standing still while another couple is escaping outside. realizing that the two in front are just created to mislead him, the sun rushes towards them quickly. the couple runs all the way to the same door again, however, unaware that it's the last layer of the house, the sun plunges at the husband, who manages to drag him outside into the real world where the sun is aging rapidly. and tries to race back into the house, but kate locks the door behind him and just watches there, despite his begging outside like a child, till he crumbles into ash. not long after that, the couple abandons the evil house and moves to a motel for their temporary shelter. in the final scene, however, while locking herself inside the motel room from her husband, kate stares in horror at a positive pregnancy test with a table lamp flickering. this is daniel cc movie channel. bye. 