welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and if you're still in the dark of a dark then this is the video for you. we recently put together an ending explain for the third season, and now we covered the main topics. judging by your comments, there's still a lot of questions hanging over the finale. as a thank you to everyone keeping the conversation going, I thought I'd do an additional video to answer all of the things that you still might be confused about. throughout this will be going over who Regina's father is, how Jonas ended up looking like Deadpool, how Claudia knew of the origin world, the point of the show, and a lot more. obviously, there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you haven't had a chance to check out the season yet, then I highly recommend that you turn off now and don't interact with your future self at all. now, please drop a thumbs up if you enjoy the video. and don't forget to subscribe for breakdowns like this every day. without the way. thank you for clicking this. now, let's get into our Q&amp;A of dark. okay, so the first question you might have had when finishing dark is what was the point. Adam and Eva have been in a constant war with one another because the former believes that if he destroys the origin, then that will end the time loop. juxtaposing this, Eva doesn't want her child to die, and thus she will do whatever she can to make sure that it continues. in the finale, Adam accomplishes his goal, but he doesn't disappear. realizing that destroying the origin was not the way to end the loop, Moranis Eva wants the loop to continue. so in the end, neither can really win. in the finale, we learned that both the dimensions we'd seen throughout the season were actually offshoots of an origin world. in order to stop these paired cycles of endless misery, Adam and Eva, or rather Jonas and Martha, had to travel to the source and stop time travel from being invented in order to stop their worlds from being created. they managed to do so, but it completely erased their existence. and as Martha said, they ended up being what was basically a dream. this was hammered home by Hannah in the final few minutes, who stated that she had what felt like a dream wash over her at one point in which she felt the happiness that the characters gained upon dying. but what exactly was the point if it was all a dream? well, the death of the universe actually ties back to why they were created in the first place. that was to save ten houses son. after a big argument, merrick ran out into his storm with his wife and their child, and they were killed during a traffic accident. this May tano's obsess over time travel, and he created a time machine in order to stop them that night, and thus saved their lives. so while stock might seem like there was actually no point to it at all, there really was. and we saw firsthand that these two alternate realities did save ten houses family, even if they did so inadvertently. so tan houses goal was to save his family, and he managed to do this in the end by creating two worlds in which a pair of Heroes would unite and carry out the act. for him, this was unintentional, but the end sort of justified the means, and he managed to achieve his goal, which, in my opinion, was the point of the show. however, the characters in their worlds to also wish to end the constant cycle of darkness. and this was reflected in Claudia, who had to watch her daughter die numerous times. now this brings us on to our next question, which is, how did Claudia know of the origin world? well, first off, Claudia is an extremely intelligent woman. not only was she the head of the power plant, she also managed to navigate the loop several times and used Adam and Eva as chess pieces in a game to ultimately correct everything. Claudia actually understood the loops and time machines, whereas I don't think that Adam and Eva did. this is why Adam found it extremely difficult to construct one without being burnt. in the same way that you and I can use a computer, I doubt we could actually build one from scratch, which is why Adam and Eva were both puppets, constantly looking to her for advice. now, Claudia actually figured out that there was an Origin world because she realized that regina couldn't be traced back fully into the family tree, and therefore must exist outside of it, in another world. no, Regina's father was thought to be truant a Claudia knew this wasn't true, and thus she must have been conceived in another way, pretty much erasing the possibility of both dimensions that she'd visited being the true one. she also realized that, though humans tend to think in dualities such as light and dark, day and night, that would actually have to exist a world in which both aspects were coexisting as one. the triquetra is pretty much how the timeline actually looks, instead of the infinity symbol that we saw Eva. understanding it as the number three is also laced throughout doc such as there being time jumps of thirty three years, the predominant travelers being in groups made up of three, such as Jonas, Martha and Claudia, there being three versions of most the protagonists, such as the younger, middle-aged and older versions, the series being three seasons long, and so on and so on. yeah, she probably didn't know that last one. however, everything existed in stages of three, and thus that would have to be a third world. you sort of had to take a leap of faith with her knowing this, but you also have to appreciate that she'd been around these loops so many times that she picked up a lot of things. now, the next question you may have is, well, how did Claudia come back to life. well, as we discover with Jonas, who is killed at one point, there are several switch points in which time can loop around in a certain direction, eventually coming back to a certain point and then continuing the loop once more. however, if you change these switch junctions, you can reverse something. and this is pretty much what Claudia did. an example of this is shown through Martha, who, at one point has the option to either save Jonas or not. she was aware that she could do it either way, or ebo way, sorry, pun intended, and was aware that there were possibilities to make choices. Adam was unaware of this, and no Eva was. she just wanted to continue the loop in which his son lived forever, so she didn't let him know. Claudia discovered it too, and it was only upon informing Adam of it in the finale that he realized that he could make choices as well. so basically, Claudia survived because she used the uno switch card and got herself out of it in the end so that she could travel to Adam and tell him the truth. everything she did was to save Regina. so she may have even let an alternate version of herself die in order to make it so that she could appear in the finale and guide add him away from continuing the loop. this saves the world and also leads to a lot of the characters getting a happy life. in this happy life, we see that Regina is, in fact alive, and also learn who her father really is. now it's given to us in a picture frame, but we actually discover that it was, in fact, burned. that was a dad. burn did flirt with the younger Claudia, and we learned that he later ended up marrying her. we share draw your own conclusions over that. however, this has been confirmed on the dock website. so we now know, officially it is the case. it also has to be, as Regina pretty much proved the origin world exists through her father, who existed outside the loop. so we can confirm that it is indeed the case. the next question you're likely have is, how did Adam get those scores? now this isn't a case with the Joker, where there's multiple options, but it is something that you sort of have to draw your own conclusions over. so the reason that this question has been raised is because we were told that giannis got them because of traveling. however, we know that several other characters traveled. and the only real scar that Martha got was to cut on a cheat which was given to her by a fence and also the one handed to her by IVA. so she remembered her duties. so why did Adam have these and not anyone else? well at the star of episode 7, we see that the older version of Jonas is badly burned by the machine. and thus we can gather from this that as he was building it, he would have received more and more burns trying to perfect the device. I would have loved to have seen the moment he ended up going Freddy Krueger, but unfortunately we didn't get the chance to. and just have to make up our own minds on it. I guess what we know is a drop, and what we don't know is an ocean. thank you very much. now back to the happy ending. to just clear everything up, firstly, Jonas and Martha are not alive, and it's unlikely that the versions we saw will ever be. Jonas was, of course, created from Mikkel, Martha's brother, who time travelled. and as we see, things have massively changed in terms of the family trees. so it's unlikely that he'll come back. how about Hannah? does state that she plans to name her child Jonas. you can either take this as the character coming back and no longer being trapped in a loop, or simply just as a tribute. personally, I lean more towards the former, because I'm sentimental like that. but also, this would be a completely different Jonas due to his father not being there. similarly, this is reflected in Ulrich and Charlotte, who are not at the dinner table either. now, firstly, Ulrich is not there because he was created due to the time loop. he was the son of truant a and the grandson of Agnes and the unknown. the unknown was the child of Jonas and Martha, who were his great-grandparents, which makes him part of the loop. and therefore, if they aren't alive, then he can't be either. throughout the seasons, Erick was a cheat, and he didn't really appreciate what he had and caused a lot of pain and suffering to those around him. so I think in order to have a paradise, he just wouldn't be there to inflict the misery. and is possible, I even if Martha and Jonas are born, that he will never be made. Katharina is also not wearing a wedding ring anymore, so it does seem like the two never got together. mirroring this, shali does not exist at all in this reality, as she was primarily born of the loop, with her daughter, Elizabeth, becoming her mother and so on. this is why she's not present here. however, it is possible that she still continued in some form or another like Jonas. we know that the tan house family survived, and thus she may have ended up becoming his grandchild, as she was in the original world. now, that pretty much wraps up all of the questions, except for what happened to wool as? I it's something that sort of been a running joke throughout the entire series, with the character being cut off every time he goes to explain how he damaged it. it's sort of become the Nick Fury of Doc and many fans have pored over exactly what could have caused it and how it came to be that way. now I don't want to disappoint anyone, so I've gone through all my notes and behind the scenes information and have finally traced back everything to give a final answer and exactly how the character lost it. now we learn that it happened in the summer beforehand. and clearly, well, I had to cover up exactly what it was and didn't want people to know. however, we finally, finally know that it came 