cinema synopses, spoiler alert. in 965 ad, Odin, king of Asgard, wages war against the frost giants of Jotunheim, threatening to plunge the mortal world into a new icy and their leader, Luffy, prevent them from conquering the nine realms, starting with earth. much humanity would not face this threat alone. the Asgardian warriors defeat the frost giants and seized the source of their power, the casket of ancient winters. and the source of their power was taken from them. in the present, Odin's son, Thor, prepares to ascend to the throne of Asgard. he mighty hammer Mjolnir, is a fit companion for a king, but is interrupted when frost giants attempt to retrieve the casket against Odin's order. is nothing you can do without defying father. Thor travels to Jotunheim to confront Luffy, accompanied by his brother, local childhood friend, SIF and the Warriors three Volstagg Fandral and Hogan's were going to Jotunheim, run back home, little princess. a battle ensues, until Odin intervenes to save the Asgardians, destroying the fragile truce between the two races. you got what he came for. what so be it for Thor's arrogance. you are no fool. wooden strips his son of his godly power. loved ones, you have betrayed and exiled him to earth as a mortal, accompanied by his hammer. Maria now protected by an enchantment that allows only the worthy to wield. whoever holds this hammer, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of Thor. lands in New Mexico were asked for physicist dr. Jane Foster, her assistant, Darcy Lewis, and mentor dr. Erik Selvig find him. the local populace finds Maria with shield. agent Phil Coulson. soon common dears, before forcibly acquiring genes, data about the wormhole that delivered Thor to earth. we need to appropriate your record. by appropriate, you mean steel or having discovered known if nearby location belongs to me, seeks to retrieve it from the facility. that shield quickly constructed. go big for bigger. but he finds himself unable to lift it and is captured. with selvig's help, he is free. it's gonna be alright, I'm taking you home now. and resigns himself to exile on earth as he develops a romance with Jane. Loki discovers that he is Lao fees biological son adopted by Odin after the war ended. xi into the temple and I found a baby. a weary Odin falls into the deep. Odin sleep, recover his strength. Vava has fallen into the odinsleep. Loki seizes the throne. in Odin's dead. you can bring your urgent matter to me, okay. and offers Luffy the chance to kill Odin and retrieve the casket. and you can slay him where he lies. once Odin is dead, I will return the casket to you. SIF and the warriors three, unhappy with Loki's rule, attempt to return Thor from exile. we must move. we must find Thor. convincing Heimdall eight, keeper of the Bifrost, the means of travelling between worlds, to allow them passage to earth. who would defy the commands of Loki, our king? yes. good. aware of their plan, Loki sends the destroyer, a seemingly indestructible automaton, to pursue and kill Thor and show my prophetess No to destroy everything. the Warriors find Thor Farnum, but the destroyer attacks and the beats. they must return to Ozma, prompting Thor to offer himself instead. taking their lives will gain you nothing. so take mine and end this structure on the square. and near deaths, Thor's sacrifice proves him worthy to be a union. the hammer returns to him, restoring his powers and enabling him to defeat the destroyer, kissing Jane goodbye and vowing to return, that will return for you. deal. he and his fellow as Guardians leave to confront Loki in Asgard. Loki betrays and nose loudly, revealing his true plan. used Luffy's attempt on Odin's life as an excuse to destroy Jotunheim with the Bifrost bridge. now, if you'll excuse me, I have to destroy your mind to prove to father that I am a worthy son. Thor arrives and fights Loki before destroying the Bifrost bridge to stop Loki's plan. stranding himself in Asgard, Odin awakens and prevents the brothers from falling into the abyss created in the wake of the bridges destruction. I could have done it father, for you. now, no key. but loki allows himself to fall when Odin rejects his pleas for approval. Thor makes amends with Odin, admitting he is not ready to be king. it would be a wise King. that'll never be a wiser King on you, or a better father. I have much to learn. while on earth, Jane and her team search for a way to open a portal to ask us how is she. she searches for you. in a post-credits scene, Selvig has been taken to a shield facility dr. Solan, where Nick Fury opens a briefcase and asks him to study a mysterious cube shaped object, which fury says may hold untold power, may be unlimited. now, an invisible Loki prompts avec to agree, and he does. I guess that's why the hawk well, I guess that's worth milk. for those of you who saw my captain American synopsis, you know that this is the tesseract, one of the Infinity stones. keep watching the video to see some special Easter eggs from Thor early in the movie, we can see Odin's Ravens, huginn and muninn. these Ravens fly all over the world of Midgard and bring information to Odin. these Ravens are the reason that Odin is sometimes also called The Raven God. in Odin's treasure room, there are many Easter eggs. one is the orb of agamotto, which doctor strange uses to view events on earth and in other dimensions. another is the tablet of life and time, which has a recipe written on it for a serum that can make the drinker immortal. this has shown up often in spider-man. next is the eternal flame, a mystical flame that cannot be extinguished, stolen from suit or by Odin. this stops her tour from lighting his sword and bringing Ragnarok. after that is the warlocks eye, which is an ancient weapon used to control the minds of others. this is another item from the Thor universe. the last and most important, as all of the Marvel movies are leading to its realization, the Infinity Gauntlet. it was once wielded by Thanos and is claimed to be one of the most powerful objects in the universe. the gauntlet has six holes for the six Infinity stones. this is J Straczynski, the main writer of the Thor movie. the town's name in English is Old Bridge. this is an allusion to the Bifrost, The Rainbow Bridge that connects Midgard to Asgard. it also makes sense, as this is the place on earth that seems to be the point at which the Bifrost meets the earth. Stan Lee makes his usual movie cameo here as a pickup truck driver. what is this? Donald Blake. the name seen on the shirt Jane gave Thor is actually the name of Thor's alias in the original comic. I know the scientist, pioneer in gamma radiation. the Pioneer in gamma radiation that is mentioned here is Bruce Banner, better known as the Hulk. slow down, sir. this is the first appearance of Barton, aka Hawkeye, who shows up in the next movie as one of the Avengers. there is a billboard that has journey into mystery written on it, which is an allusion to the first Thor comic of the same name. [Music]. you 