welcome to the men of recaps. this is the hundred season six. remember at the end of last season, our crew narrowly escaped yet another nuclear apocalypse. they were gonna wait it out in space, this time with cryosleep chambers so it would go by real quick. but the earth never recovered. there's only so many nuclear apocalypse as it can handle in a row, I guess. so Monty set them on a course for a whole new planet. you thought this show was winding down, but it's just getting started. now this isn't a random alien planet. it's planet Alpha, which was picked out because it should be habitable by humans. in fact, a colonization mission was sent here before the original nuclear apocalypse, so there could be human life down here. unfortunately, they can't scan the planet cuz it's got a crazy temporal anomaly on it. so just like season 1, our gangs gotta go down in person and explore a potentially dangerous new world. it's like, ok, guys, let's try not to cause a nuclear apocalypse this time, which is Clark's motto for the season. let's do better. they immediately don't do better, though. in fact, Murphy does exactly what they did in season 1, and jumps right into the water, throwing caution to the wind. luckily, though, it seems totally fine, and there's not even a mutant snake monster this time. that night, though, there is a swarm of killer bugs. our crews running towards the original colonization begin but, oh who. this guy gets hit by a force field thing. Clarke sees it's a radiation shield, and thinks, with her night blood, she should be able to go through on harm. she brings the shield down long enough for her friends to get inside safely. unfortunately, the guy who went first is very much dying. he is the hot pilot guy that had just started a romance with Raven. in fact, just that morning they got it on. this is why you don't romance one of the main characters, cuz you gonna get killed off anyway, they find the human colony, and they've got a castle. yeah. they've got this awesome city on a beautiful mountaintop. it looks like a nice, happy place, but it is totally deserted. Clarke figures out, just too late, that's something about the Eclipse drives people crazy, makes them attack each other. there were all these handcuffs came to the wall. they thought it was some weird sex thing. but no, now they realizes it's to protect yourselves from the Eclipse. unfortunately, they immediately fall for the Eclipse loosen ations and unchain each other. so they're having a big brawl in the town square. finally, Clarke uses some sleeping gas knocks them all out. but the people who live here are out of their eclipses bunker. they're led by Russell prime, and after some initial mistrust, turns out he's a real friendly dude. they call this place sanctum, and it seems like a paradise. only one weird thing, though, the leaders all assumed the names of the original families that landed here. for instance, this is Russell Lightborn the seven they're called the primes, and it's a cult like religious worship of them. we call so juice after Josephine Prime. I would be her name. hello. be her name. not everyone on sanctum, though, believes in the divinity of the primes. the children of Gabriel live out in the woods. they ambush our groups landing ship with knockout darts. and their motto is, death to primes. wait a minute. so this planet has a seemingly wonderful, but clearly secretly devious civilization and a bunch of savage forest people living outside. its just mount weather and the grounders all over again. anyway, they gotta rescue their people, and that's a job for Octavia. yes? remember last season she was blood rain of the cannibal gladiator queen. so she busts in there and slaughters these children of Gabriel without even trying to make peace first. so Bellamy's like, yo, sis. if you aren't hashtag doing better, your hashtag banished. now, flirting with one of the locals is new addition to the group, Jordan. remember, he is Monty and Harper's son that they had while everyone else was in cryosleep. they put him to sleep to when he was about 20 so that he could join the crew in season six. he immediately connects with this girl, Delilah, who was, in fact, said to be one of the primes. tomorrow's her naming day. she's gonna be Priya the seventh. so Jordans about to go from first kiss to losing his virginity in record time. but what's this? oh, she's hit with a stunning dart. the children of Gabriel are inside the compound. Clarke chases the kidnapper down, but during the fight, her hands are cut. and Russell sees that she is the night blood. it turns out that's how they decide who the next line of crimes will be. the black blood is royal blood here. so now that Clarke saved the day, they're all officially invited to stay, except for Colonel diosa. she was the badass leader of the prisoner asteroid miners last season, but by the end they were on the same side. apparently she was a big-time terrorist back in her day. and her like, we don't want to sama bin Laden hanging out here. remember, she's very pregnant though, and the primes come to her with a secret deal. if she kills Gabriel for them, they'll let her kid be raised in sanctum. she beats up with the also banished Octavia, and they join forces to go hunt down Gabriel. back in sanctum, it is Delilah's naming day. she kisses Jordan goodbye and goes to the sketchy backroom. she comes back out to Priya prime, seventh of her name and she's too cool now for Jordan. there's a big party that night where Clarke dances with the hot guy. well, Bellamy looks longingly from the corner. yes, we still shift Bella Clark, which I call Clark amine. but Bellamy is still dating echo, and they're very much in love. so Clark goes back to this guy's place, but, oh, he hits her with a sleeping Dart. yeah, he's with the children of Gabriel. he's like, trust me, we're the good guys. but before he can explain, the guards find him, and he's got off himself. so the prime to bring a paralyzed Clark to the sketchy back room where Russell's like, hey, wife, we can bring back our daughter. yeah, they've got one of the computer chip plants, just like the grounders flame. and it's like, sorry about this, Clarke, cuz when she wakes up after surgery, it's not Clarke, it's Josephine, like, born their daughter. yeah, it's not just a naming ceremony. the probs are literally being resurrected by body-snatching people. it only works though, in night Bloods, which are extremely rare, and that's why they jumped on the chance when Clarke was paralyzed in front of them. but they have a suspicion that more of the earth people might be night Bloods. so they're sending Josephine undercover as Clarke to find out. immediately, though, Josephine sees him sneaking off. Jordan went to Delilah, but she didn't remember him at all. so he convinced the guys to do some digging. long story short, they immediately figure out everything. back when the first colonists landed here, the light boards were a happy family. but during the red Sun Eclipse, Russell went crazy and killed his own daughter. eventually he figured out he could bring her back by putting her chip in other people's bodies. and the religious worship the body-snatching just kind of grew from there. Jordan tries to tell people the truth, but they're so brainwashed they can't hear it. they're like, no, no, Delilah is one with the primes. now it's great. soon Josephine realizes she needs help if she's gonna successfully pretend to be Clarke. she singles out John Murphy as the guy most likely to betray his friends for his own personal gain. she's like, yo, Clarke's dead. I'm Josephine snatched her body, but how would you like to be immortal? - there's a couple of prime vacancies at the moment, because Josephine had some beef with the other prime family then erased em. so in exchange for immortality, Murphy gives Josephine the Clark crash-course, one big problem though is that they all speak grounder, which is a completely nonsense, made-up language. I mean, ice one day would Bellamy pulls Clark aside for a real heart-to-heart. she's like, you know what? forget this. the jig's up. knocks him out. at first. Bellamy's plan is to kill them all, but he soon realizes that Clark is gone. killing them all won't bring her back. in fact, a big fight will just get more of his people killed. the best thing he can do is just let Clark go. Bhatti's Clark truly gone? no, she's still alive in there. apparently, she has a neural mesh in her head, back from the Alley days, and her mind was able to back up on that. it's all big science. don't think about it too hard. so the next day, Bellamy notices Josefina inadvertently tapping Morse code on her arm. yeah, Clark, still alive. Murphy, meanwhile, goes to his girlfriend Amar'e and gets down on one knee. but that's not a ring, it's a mines drive. he's like, yeah, girl, you want to be a mortal with me? she's like, sure, yeah, that sounds fun. but so Josephine comes to him like, hey, there's been a complication. your friend Clark is still stuck in my head. I need your help to get her out. now, making the best of the situation, if Clark's already dead, is a lot different than actively killing Clark. so Mari cracks and makes a plan with the gang to lure Josephine out to the edge where, long story short, shut down the barrier. they're gonna drag her out to the woods to see if Gabriel can help get their friend Clark back. now, Gabriel was one of the original primes. in fact, he and Josephine were lovers. but apparently, after a while, he felt bad about the body-snatching and started the children of Gabriel revolution. Octavia and diosa are chasing one down, but he leads them into some quicksand he's like, hey, I'm not the bad guy here. he leaves them there to cool off for a bit. but then a temporal flare is coming. yeah. it's related to the temporal anomaly here at this plant. it's crazy. feels like a safety but Octavia's gotta just dunk her head under and ride it out. it works. she's actually mostly fine, except for an oval, ugly which hand. now, this guy's gonna help him out. but he also sees his implants car realizes he is V Gabriel. he's like, yeah, hey, body snatching. told him not to resurrect me again, but they did. anyway, shoot me if you want to. otherwise, come with me to help heal Octavia's arm. he brings them to the temporal anomaly. being this close to it gives you hallucinations. diosa, for example, sees her future daughter. it's like, hey, by the way, no one who's ever gone in there has come back out. but Diaz is like, yo. I'm going to see what's up. Octavia is like, Yolo. and poof, she's in there too. but like three seconds later, Octavia runs back out. her arm is totally healed, but she has no memory of what happened. so to help her unlock her memory, Gabriel gives her a hallucinogen. she's back in the bunker and comes face-to-face with her dark alter-ego, blood Reina. they have a big old fight, and Octavia kills her evil self, squeezing an entire Redemption arc until one hallucination. now remember Maddie, Clark's adopted daughter, who last season took the flame and became a true commander. the flame is its own type of mind drive. it holds the memories of all previous commanders, but you've got to watch out for the dark commander, shade, hey des. right around then though, Maddie learns that the primes killed Clark. so she's like, shade, hey des, teach me the ways of the dark side. so Maddie starts killing primes. next on our list is Priya. but Jordan thinks that Delilah is still in there, so I'll jumps in front of the blade. also earlier, undercover Josephine talked to Clark's mom, Abby. her mission the season has been to heal Marcus Kane, who was greatly injured at the end of season five. his wounds are too severe, though, she can't save him, so she puts him back on ice till she can come up with the solution. while she's talking to faith Clarke about it, she mentions how she synthetically made Clark a knight blood Josephine's like, what jackpot. that way we can make as many hosts as we want. so I he makes a deal with the primes. in exchange for the knight blood formula, they'll give her our minds drive and a willing host to resurrect her lover, Marcus. so Marcus Kane's back to life with a brand new rocking bod. like, hell yeah, this is awesome. until he finds out he basically killed this person install his body. canes not okay with that. so he wakes up his grounder, pal Indra, who helps him take the ship and steal the night blood formula, which he takes with him into the airlock. they show his real face for his tearful goodbye with Abby. it's like, baby, I love you, but I'm not gonna be a Body Snatcher. you gotta let me go. and so he floats himself. oh oh. but the second time, Abby watches the man she loves flying up into space. that rough. so now the primes meet up like, hey, we've lost the night plan formula. plus the little girl killed someone, and Josephine's been kidnapped to make matters worse. their own people are starting to wake up realize the primes are using them. and this guy, Oh, tabs Russell's wife. that's the last straw. no more mr. nice Russell. he's gonna burn all the earth people at the stake. Murphy doesn't want to die though. he's like, wait, can't we make more night blood serum if we use bone marrow? I don't know would that work. it's fake science. don't think too hard about it. so he lets him live for now. he just burns this one guy cuz, I mean, he's already set up the pyres. long story short, Bellamy and Clarke make it to Gabriel. Josephine still in there, like, hey baby, I love you. like, let's be together. Gabriel's like, no, Joe. we had our time. I'm not letting you snatch any more bodies. and he takes her mind drive out but in Clarke's mind space, Josephine still there. and oh, kills Clark. Clark, you can't die. you and Bellamy still need to get together in the end. so with the power of Clark, amis Schippers everywhere Bellamy, boom, brings her back to life. oh my god, it's really happening. these two are gonna kiss. but no, they just hug it out. I mean, honestly, maybe it's been too long at this point. maybe they're better as platonic friends. what? anyway, they make a plan to save sanctum, which involves Clark going back undercover, pretending to be Josephine. inside, they're draining Maddie's bone marrow. Russell's like, hey, we need more. we're bringing back all the primes tonight. taking more from Maddie would kill her. so Abby makes herself a knight blood so she can give the doses. so it's about to be a glorious day for sanctum as all the primes getting resurrected, including the two new primes, Murphy and amore. they're pretending to be two of the original erased primes. unfortunately, they were brother and sister. but another new prime tonight, who's not pretending he's Clark's mom. Abby, yeah. now that she's a knight blood, they decided to use her body for Josephine's mom. and it's a sick family reunion as Clark's gotta pretend to be happy to see the woman who snatched her real mom's body. but just then the plan goes in action. the shield comes down. army rushes in. Bellamy had crowd at the hard truth bomb, your religions a lie. your gods are fake. so Russell's got a pullout The Adjustment protocol. it is Eclipse gas, which drives everyone crazy. actually, it's a modified version, which makes the true believers target the heretics. the primes are gonna wait this out up in space. but Murphy's had a change of heart. screw you, Josephine. we're staying here to protect our friends. so finally Clarke can reveal that it's her. I'm proud of you, Murphy. he's like, yeah, I might be a selfish snake, but I'm are selfish snake. our cruise captured being forced to accept the divinity of the primes and drink the blood of sanctum, which is basically brainwashed juice. but Murphy and Amar'e walk in like, hey, what's up? yeah, we're the primes. we've got a special use for these earth people. we're just gonna take him on out of here. but Murphy doesn't actually have his primes memories, including some important facts like he's gay and this is his boyfriend. so they suspect something's up. and when Murphy goes back in there, they seal the doors, gonna burn the heretics. it's a big old fight, basically playing keep-away with the fire. finally, this priestess lights herself on fire, but Octavia, boo-boom, body tackles her, so everyone's okay, except Octavius jacket. in fact, that's the first time she's taking it off since the temporal anomaly. she's got a wild new back tattoo, but more on that later. so up in space with some VIP hostages, the primes take the ship. there's talk of abandoning sanctum and go into one of the other potentially habitable planets. but there's another treasure on the ship, the 200 people still in cryo sleep. they can super easily wipe their minds and give them night blood. they've got like a thousand years supply of hosts. so klarka can't stall him anymore. the jig's up. I'm not Josephine. they chase her to a corridor where she's got the airlock button. just then Abby switches sides, like, yeah, Clark, it's me, a real mom. I was pretending to but it's very quickly apparent that she's lying. and Clark's got a boom. thank the airlock floating all the primes, the face of her mom holding on to her. Clark's gotta push it off, float her own mom. Oh, hardcore. Clark elsewhere, Maddie is now fully possessed by Shana. they're trying to hack him off of the flame. but before they can, Russell comes and pulls the plug. he just saw Clark killed his whole family, so now he's gonna kill her as for a revenge. but this little girl starts talking like a creepy grown man, and he's like, who are you again? she'd hate us. somehow convinces him to wake the sleeping one. crew, who don't know any better, still unquestioningly follow their commander to try to see Manny from Shady Aida Clarke pulls a bold move, threatens to kill herself. come on, Maddie, I know still in there. and boom, it works. Maddie's back. Russell finds himself a prisoner. this time, they successfully take shade hey des off the flame and then take the flame out of Maddie. but before they can delete them, shade hey des uploads himself somewhere. how'd he do that? where'd he go? that's a problem for next season. for now, our gang has saved sanctum, except, like half of them are dead. at least we didn't cause a nuclear apocalypse. I say we did pretty good. Jordan survived. he's okay, except he did drink the brain wash juice, so watch out for that. then Gabriel's like, hey, let me show you what's up with Octavius tattoo. he brings them to the anomaly stone, this crazy floating thing. he's been studying it for 200 years with no success. but the markings on it are the same ones as on Octavia's back. and Octavius tattoo has some of them highlighted. so if they pressed them all, something might happen. oh, the anomalies expanding. maybe I spoke too soon about not causing the nuclear apocalypse. but no, this is something different. and coming into their tent is a random new girl. Octavia recognizes her. that is hope, diosa Dioses grown-up daughter. what? how long were they in that anomaly? anyway, they were friends. so she goes in for a hug, but not a hug, a stab. oh, what a Mia. and immediately, the green flame, boom, boom, disappears. err, what the heck is going on here? find out on season seven of the hundred. hit that subscribe button for more of the fest recaps of TV and movies, and click the join button to support the channel and be a recap champion. 