welcome to the heavy spoilers show. i'm your host, paul, aka, the best of a bad bunch. in this video, we're breaking down episode four of the bad batch. so far, the series, set in a galaxy far, far away, has had a lot of easter eggs, hidden details and things in it that have made it a joy to recap and explain. in this video, we're gonna be going over the latest entry and discussing what we think could be happening next time. episode three saw the bad batch doing a mandalorian season 2 and crash landing on a moon. as they made their way to ida floor. omega was finally embraced by the group, and she ended up filling the void left by crosshair, after proving that she had the metal to make her way through the kind of missions that they would be going on. rekka ended up making a room for her out of what i believe was crosshair's old one. and he himself realized that he was probably heading down the wrong path when we watched as the empire brought in the elite troopers, as we know civilians and mercs would go on to replace the clones. and he was simply helping to usher in a new era. so far the show is very much tackled with the aesthetic of conformity versus independence. and we watched as the bad batch travel on highly different paths to crosshair. they've even repeated scenes with different outcomes to show this motif. and, you know, it's like poetry. they rhyme. i also forgot to mention last time that tolkien has now been promoted to imperial governor from republic admiral, further showing how things are changing. we pick up with clone force 99 drifting through space towards the moon either floor. the last two episodes had them first showing up in hyperspace, but here they're gliding through, which hints towards how badly beaten up the ship is. the episode titled cornered, has has them well cornered at several points. i like this nice, slow and cold opening. i'd never heard of idaflow before, and after researching the planet, i couldn't find any instances of it mentioned. however, if you know a book, film, gamer show that it's been in, then let me know. but it does seem like a new creation for this episode. the uninhabited planet is the perfect place for them to lay low as because of its low population, the empire haven't sent anyone to oversee it. though the imperials have a vast martyr of ships and soldiers, they don't have the manpower to cover every single system in the galaxy, and planets without big populations are overlooked. this allowed the jedi like yoda, to hide out on places like dagobah. and it's smart that the bad batch are seeking out planets like this. however, they need supplies and to modify the ship so that they can scramble its signal to go undetected. this sends them to pantora, which is a moon in the pantora system, located on the outer rim. in star wars law, pantora was blockaded by the trade federation, and ahsoka tano was sent in to stop the takeover. pantora also held a place in the galactic senate, and is pretty much a market world that has similar setups to mos eisley. the batch land in the hangar bay, which is operated by an uggnut, who you might recognize as being the same species as queel from the mandalorian. after taking some money to keep quiet, he betrays them and messages fenik shand who you will also probably recognize from that show. this series takes place before she ever came face to face with mando, and we discover that omega has a bounty on her head. we've long been theorizing that omega is actually a force sensitive clone which the kaminowin started working on in order to have more product lines after the war ended. she is called omega, which typically means the end. and creating a force-sensitive clone would, of course, be the final stage of their development. whilst the war was going on, the kaminoans were dealing with the jedi, so it makes sense that they would want to offer them something beyond the typical grunt that could easily fit into their ranks and help win the war. i believe that they were working on giving her the ability to wield the force when everything went to hell, and are now trying to retrieve her in order to stay relevant. pantora is filled with all types of creatures, including loth cats, who, of course, showed up in the clone wars at several points. they were also in the mandalorian too. so again, it's like poetry. they rhyme. now, i love hunter's design here, and they'll be insane for weeks. i think he's based on rambo. i also think it might be a nod to billy from predator. they enter the market to see the clones being cheered on after ending the war. and rampart's chain code hologram is playing, which we saw pop up in episode two. zozo several sweep bikes. and we can also see a clone trooper action figure, which is similar to the stormtrooper doll that jin erso was playing with at the start of rogue one. omega draws some attention. i think that the batch might have to decide whether they want to protect it and live with constantly being hunted, or have a free life after handing her over. obviously it will go the former, with this being the kind of show that it is. but she's very much the person, i think, that will make them become parents. this could lead to them putting their lives on the line to protect her. and we know from an article posted by screen rant this week that the ending of the show is so sad it made the composers cry. so lots of sad, sad things to look forward to on a friday. and because of this, i am expecting some deaths. now, speaking of fridays, if you want to give me that friday feeling, then please click the thumbs up button. it's the free way to help out the channel. and it means that i don't have to get a job and can do more videos like this. so cheers, i guess. wait, wait, that's a, that's a thumbs down. yeah, shame on you. now, anyway, omega finds herself alone in the market, where she's approached by fennec, who, similar to the mandalorian, is voiced by ming na win. echo is sold as a droid because of his tech parts. and at the back of the store, he comes across a protocol droid similar to c3po see, kids, that's that's why you come here. you never, never would have known that on your own. now, echo removes their restraining bolts, which you may remember appeared in a new hope. luke removed r2d2s, and he went off to look for obi-wan on his own. and yes, it's like poetry. they rhyme. bennig talks about being a merc and how it's okay to break the rules sometimes. and as we know, this idea of rule breaking would massively play into her character later on, as she worked from off gideon for some time before leaving his imperial squad to go on the run. she teamed up with boba fett and was paramount in gideon's downfall. so i love how there's this foreshadowing here under catch is up to her, but she manages to best him. however, the authorities show up in order to arrest her. she is, and always has been, somewhat of an outlaw, and is slowly becoming one of my favorite characters. after the disney star wars takeover, things are starting to heat up, and tech tracks omega to a maintenance tunnel whereka finds her. but she's being tracked by fenik, who uses his weight against him. omega ends up climbing up a maintenance tower, and at the top, she's cornered. after bringing the droids to the hangar, they start to fix up the ship, and we hear that one of them is called clink. this is actually a nickname of an r2 astromech droid who was given to mindonos when he was in raid's squadron. probably not one in the same but potentially this is a little nod to their character from the expanded lore. omega is knocked off the edge, but she's saved by fennick, showing that she's not all bad. hunter grabs a swoop bike and follows them through the air after shan drops her on a carrier. and it leads to a chase that reminded me a lot of the one from the first act of attack of the clones. hunter is knocked off course, and shan ends up killing some of the police in a moment that i really wasn't expecting to see see. kids. this show isn't for kids. now, get the hell out of here. now, hunter throws a magnetic mind to shan's ride, and he's blown out of the sky. but we know from the trailer shots that she will be back. my guess is that she's gonna wait until they return to this planet. and though i don't think she will pop up in the next century, i think it'll be sooner rather than later. she might even end up getting employed by tarkin or rampart, who are, of course, looking for elite soldiers. this would give her a gateway to go on to meet gideon. and there are a lot of potential routes that the show can take. she goes back to her contact and pays for him to keep an eye out for the group. and though i don't think that he'll ever pop up in the series again, i think this is more kind of showing that she's looking for them throughout the galaxy. the group deduced that omega is a wanted bounty, and they decide to find out who's put the target on her head. i think that this is the cameron owens, as all of shan's actions indicated that she wanted the child alive, which they of course would too. they did want to keep her safe at the end of episode 1, so that just makes the most sense to me. however, it could be someone like captain rex, who may have learned of her importance, and he may now want to keep her out of harm's way. i'd obviously love to hear your theories below. and it seems that she's far more important than the rest of the group is, as there are no bounties on their heads. let me know who you think is after her, and if you're right, i can pass it off as my own theory and take all the credit. thanks. now, as for the series, so far, i feel like the episodes are slightly understated in terms of the over-the-top action and balls to the wall. well, balls. however, i am quite enjoying this more subtext-laced take, which centers more on the journey and politics of the galaxy rather than just non-stop shooting. that's not to say the action scenes aren't big and bad, but they do have more meaning behind them than your typical run and gun, firing on all cylinders type scenes. whether it's crosshair gunning down one of the soldiers he's been told to train, or omega crawling through a cave, every action scene feels like it has character development in it. now, that's kind of an old point to talk about, but it's just something i've not mentioned so far that i think is definitely worth applauding the show for. again, this was another super solid episode that i really enjoyed. and though these entries are short and sweet, we're getting some of the best character development that has been in a star wars property for a long time. another bad batch are often regarded as just things like the grunt skin, the heavy skin and so on, but the show has done a great job of allowing us to actually get to know how they think and feel. they're, of course, having to deal with the fact that they're now outlaws. and it's a really gripping watch. so far, these four episodes have been a blast, and i can't wait to see what happens at the halfway point of the series. now, obviously, i'd love to hear your thoughts on the show, so make sure you comment below and let me know. as a thank you for interacting with the video, you'll be entered into a prize through on the 30th of may, in which we're giving away three copies of the godzilla versus con collection. all you have to do to be on the chance of winning is like the video, make sure you subscribe with notifications on and drop a comment below with your thoughts on the episode. the winners of last month's competition are on screen right now, so that's you. then message me on twitter. heavy spoilers. if you want something else to watch, make sure you check out our breakdown of why omniman might have been right, which will be linked on screen right now. we've talked about the pros and cons of ultramite invasion, and it's definitely worth watching. if you want a little fun video, and without all the way, thank you for singing through this one. i've been paul. i hope you have a great weekend. take care yourself. peace. 