Welcome to Cinema Summary, ladies and gentlemen and get ready to travel through time and save the future as we take a look back at the original scifi film that started a legendary franchise. This is The Terminator. In the distant future of 2029 AD Los Angeles looks a lot like Detroit. In this ruined world, machines had conquered and crushed humanity beneath steel and laser beams and at the zenith of their defeat they had one final trick to pull and so humanity has one last ditch effort to save our species from total annihilation before it ever begins. In 1984, 1:52 AM, things go a little crazy. As electricity courses through the air, a naked man appears out of nowhere. This hulking man takes steps to observe the LA skyline before he runs into some nearby punks and demands that they give him their clothes. They attack him but he kills 2 of them with his bare hands so the last guy standing eagerly hands over his clothes. But Somewhere else in the city, a similar phenomenon occurs and a different naked and scruffy looking guy appears. Hurt and a little injured, the scruffy man takes a homeless guy\xe2\x80\x99s pants before running from the cops although he manages to ambush one and asks what year it is before running off into a store after stealing a cop\xe2\x80\x99s gun and puts on a pair of shoes and a coat for himself. All the while hiding from the cops and after sneaking around, getting out of the store and stealing a shotgun from a cruiser he walks away. Looking like any other person on an LA sidewalk, just headed for a phonebooth to look at a phone book for the name: Sarah Connor. Who is she? Well, she\xe2\x80\x99s this young lady working as a waitress, overworked, flustered, and going through a tough time. More on her later as we see that the big dude from earlier goes to a gun shop and steals some guns and ammo. At the same time the scruffy man from earlier saws off the stock of his shotgun and begins his search for Sarah. Now that he\xe2\x80\x99s locked and loaded, the big guy then goes through a phone book and also searches for Sarah Connor. Finding a Sarah Connor at an address which he goes to and after knocking on the door and meeting Sarah Connor he pulls out a gun and kills her. Sometime after this, \xe2\x80\x98our\xe2\x80\x99 Sarah Connor watches a TV newscast about the murder. While the other guy sits in a car and remembers the future. Humans trapped like rats, crawling beneath rubble, running and hiding from killer robots. Doing everything in their power to kill another machine and make it through the day. His dream ends and he wakes up, driving off in the LA night streets. Off to find Sarah Who gets ready for a night out in the town and drives on her bike, unaware she\xe2\x80\x99s being followed by the scruffy man from the future. At the same time the police get to talking about a series of deaths all involving victims named \xe2\x80\x9cSarah Connor\xe2\x80\x9d and now are trying to get in touch with Sarah back at her home but since they can\xe2\x80\x99t get in touch they\xe2\x80\x99ll try a different method. So as Sarah has dinner by herself, she finds out from a newscast about 2 murdered women by the name of Sarah Connor. Concerned, she heads to a pay phone and checks the phone book (seeing her name there) tries to make a call but the phone\xe2\x80\x99s out of order. So she leaves the bistro and heads into a club called Tech Noir followed by the scruffy haired guy from earlier who she spots passing by. She goes in to the back of the club to call the police but the lines are busy. Which does not bode well as the Sarah Connor Killer heads to Sarah\xe2\x80\x99s apartment and kills Sarah\xe2\x80\x99s room mate and her boyfriend with extreme prejudice. Who hears a voice message left by Sarah on their answering machine which lists the address of Tech Noir. Sarah then finally manages to get on call with the police about the scruffy guy and waits for them to send a squad car over as the killer enters and begins making his way into the club. At the same time, Sarah makes eye contact with the scruffy guy from earlier just as the killer identifies Sarah and points his gun only to get blasted by the scruffy man and his shotgun. Leaving him stunned. A shootout occurs between the killer and the shotgunner but ultimately the scruffy time traveller rescues Sarah and takes her away. Running from the killer, and after getting into a car, they narrowly escape though the Killer chases after them in a police car. We then find out more about the scruffy man: his name is Kyle Reese. A soldier from the future sent to protect Sarah from being terminated by the killer robot-cyborg. An infiltration unit with a flesh and blood exterior known as a Terminator. It\xe2\x80\x99s a revelation that Sarah takes well enough and believes given what she has seen. Kyle and Sarah ditch the car and get into a different one, hiding from the police in a car park where Kyle talks more about the future: a world torn by nuclear war where an intelligent machine used for military defense got so smart that it saw humans as a threat. It\xe2\x80\x99s a bleak future where humans were hunted, enslaved in camps, and starved, but one man gave them hope: John Connor. The son of Sarah who is yet to be born. As Kyle gets ready to drive out of the parking lot, the terminator finds them and tries to terminate Sarah in a high speed chase that ends with the terminator crashing the car and Kyle and Sarah getting picked up by the cops thought the Terminator is missing. At the station, Sarah is shook up and the detectives try to reassure her as much as they can about tonight\xe2\x80\x99s event. Hell they even have a shrink here to help figure out if Kyle Reese is crazy. Meanwhile inside an apartment, the Terminator conducts field repairs on itself. Revealing biological flesh over a metal endoskeleton. The police question Kyle who tells them all about the future to their utter disbelief and delight. While at the same time, the Terminator prepares itself. As the detectives, watch the questioning, they convince Sarah that Kyle is crazy and that the Terminator was just some dude who was high and wearing body armor. He ain\xe2\x80\x99t coming for her. As the shrink leaves the building, the Terminator enters the station and asks politely to see Sarah Connor before deciding to come back later in his car. Then he goes on a cold hearted rampage through the station, taking on the 30 cops inside who can\xe2\x80\x99t stop the mechanical monster. Especially after it knocks out the power in the building at the same time, that Kyle gets himself out of handcuffs and goes to rescue Sarah. Who together, manage to hustle and get out of there leaving behind: A trail of destruction. They stop at the side of the road and ditch the car after grabbing a few things and settle down near a ditch where Sarah does some impromptu first aid on Kyle\xe2\x80\x99s bullet wound he got earlier. And to distract her as she works, Kyle tells Sarah a little bit about her son, John but can\xe2\x80\x99t tell her who the father is. But he can talk about why he traveled through time: he wanted to meet the legendary Sarah Connor who would teach John everything he knew about leading, fighting, and surviving. Something that Sarah has a hard time embracing or wanting since she\xe2\x80\x99s normal but she settles in for the night hiding from the Terminator as Kyle tells her about the future. And we get a deeper look of what life is like for humans aside from fighting: dirty, hiding like rats, finding whatever comfort whereever humans can. As for Kyle, he finds comfort in a photo of Sarah Connor seated in a car next to a dog. But his rest is interrupted by the arrival of a Terminator who like a demon slaughters the humans without remorse. The next day, the Terminator whose flesh is rotting discovers in a diary the location of a cabin where Sarah\xe2\x80\x99s mom lives. Kyle and Sarah book a motel room with a kitchen where Kyle goes out for supplies as Sarah stays behind. Later, she gets a call from her mom who is actually the Terminator impersonating her mom who finds out the location of the motel and is on his way there. That night, Kyle and Sarah make pipe bombs using a variety of materials and Sarah begins to really comprehend just how messed up her life has become and they begin talking about feelings and about love and Kyle confesses that he fell in love with her in the future and coming back in time wasn\xe2\x80\x99t just to meet a legend but the woman he loves. Before packing the pipe bombs awkwardly, he shouldn\xe2\x80\x99t have mentioned it, but Sarah doesn\xe2\x80\x99t seem to mind. And one thing leads to another. After some love making they prepare to leave when they hear the barking of dogs. The Terminator is near! So they quickly, steal a pickup and drive away with the killer cyborg in hot pursuit. As they go through a service tunnel, Kyle lights a few the pipe bombs before chucking them and just as he\xe2\x80\x99s about to throw one of them, he gets shot by the Terminator and drops the bomb. This leads to Sarah crashing and The Terminator hijacking a nearby tank truck, now walking with a limp. And Sarah only narrowly managed to drag Kyle from the pickup before it is crushed by the Terminator in the tanker. They continue running and with some quick thinking, Kyle lights a pipe bomb and shoves it in the exhaust of the Terminator\xe2\x80\x99s truck causing the vehicle to explode and Sarah watches as it dies in the flames. She can finally relax. She tiredly heads over to wreckage along with Kyle and they embrace only for The Terminator to get right back up and chase them. They run into a metalworks foundry where Kyle turns on some machinery and Sarah manages to drag him deeper into the factory just in time as the terminator has caught up with them. As Sarah and Kyle sneak around, Sarah accidentally activates a pneumatic press alerting the Terminator who finds them so Kyle bravely but futility beats it off with a stick and sticks a pipe bomb into its torso. Blowing it to smithereens. The Terminator\xe2\x80\x99s finally dead but Sarah\xe2\x80\x99s leg got hit with shrapnel so she\xe2\x80\x99s stuck crawling around the foundry\xe2\x80\x99s floor but the nightmare isn\xe2\x80\x99t over as the Terminator, now just a torso with a head and arms is still going after her. So she crawls onto a conveyor belt and through the floor of a particular piece of machinery. Making it to the other side where she presses a button. Crushing the killer robot under the force of a hydraulic press. It\xe2\x80\x99s demonic red eyes finally going dark. Afterwards, Kyle is taken away in a body bag as Sarah is rushed to a hospital. Fast forward months later where Sarah is driving through Mexico and makes tape recordings for John to listen to in the future. And while at a gas station, a little kid takes a photo of her (the same photo Reese had) and she buys it off the kid and drives off towards a dark future. And that was The Terminator, an absolute gold star classic that if you\xe2\x80\x99re into scifi, you should totally watch it and with that being said! Thank you so much for watching ladies and gentlemen, if you watched this video leave a like down below and subscribe to get updated on my latest uploads. Until next time and in the immortal words of Arnold: I\xe2\x80\x99ll be back 