rescue diver jonas taylor is attempting to save the crew of a damaged nuclear submarine when he sees the hull of the sub being rammed by an unidentified creature. two of his crew are trapped in the damaged sub. taylor is forced to flee, realizing that attempting rescue would result in the death of everyone on the deep submergence rescue vehicle. moments later, the nuclear sub implodes. taylor's account of the story is dismissed by fellow survivor, dr heller, who believes that taylor turned coward due to induced pressure psychosis. five years later, billionaire jack morris meets dr minwa jang at a 1.3 billion underwater research facility called mana, one which morris has financed. jang and his daughter, sooyen, an oceanographer, supervise a mission to explore what could be an even deeper section of the mariana trench concealed by a thermocline of hydrogen sulfide. the mission submersible is piloted by laurie taylor's ex-wife, accompanied by scientists toshi in the wall. their theory proves true, as they discover an abundance of never seen flora and fauna below the thermocline. a large, unidentified creature collides with the submersible and causes it to lose contact with mana one, an old friend of taylor's, mana one operations manager james mac mcrides, suggests sending taylor down to attempt to rescue. despite hella's objections, jang and mack ventured to thailand to recruit taylor. taylor is initially skeptical and reluctant, but relents after listening to a taped recording, which contains dialogue between laurie, her crew and mana one. sooyin attempts the rescue in their absence, but is attacked by a giant squid. before the squid can crush her submersible, it is killed by a gigantic, 25 meter, 82 feet long, 150 ton, 170 ton shark. taylor, having agreed to help, reaches mana one and saves lori on the wall. but toshi realizes he needs to sacrifice himself if he wants his friends to live. when the shark returns, he shuts the hatch to the bigger sub allowing the others to escape, while he diverts the creature's attention. back at mana 1, the crew discovers that the giant shark is a megalodon, the largest shark ever discovered, and thought to be extinct for two million years. while discussing how to deal with it, sooyin's daughter, maeing, witnesses the shark outside the observation ring as it bisects a humpback whale in one bite. the crew realizes that it followed them through a temporary break they caused in the thermocline, allowing it to escape. the team resolves to go out and first track the meg and then kill it with poison, with su yin in a shark proof tank. however, the mission goes awry when, after the shark is injected, the meg begins to swallow the cage, and in doing so, cracks sujin's mask, making her lose oxygen. taylor then gets her out as she blacks out, only to have the meg return. however, it gets snagged on the wire connecting the cage to the ship, stalling it long enough to kill it. in their moment of triumph, a second, much larger megalodon emerges, killing the wall, devouring the dead megalodon and fatally wounding zhang. heller sacrifices himself to save jax. morris enlists a mercenary team to depth charge the shark, but falls overboard in the failed attempt and is killed. receiving no assistance from surrounding governments, taylor and the remaining mana one crew resolve to track and kill the shark on their own. the megalodon is on route to a crowded beach on sanya bay in china. it kills several beachgoers before the mana won crew project's audio of a whale call to divert the shark's attention toward them. taylor then chooses to sacrifice himself to kill the megalodon. after su yin is put out of action to save the others. taylor manages to cut the megalodon's abdomen with his sub as well as stab it in the eye with poison. smaller sharks, attracted by the megalodon's blood, approach and devour the immobilized megalodon. one of the sharks, a hammerhead shark, starts swimming towards taylor. before the shark can attack him, sooyin hits it with her sub taylorie joins suyn. lorri mac jax, meijing and dj and he. may ying and su jing consider taking a vacation together. [Music] you 