[Music] in Chandler, Arizona, FBI agents Kate macer and Reggie Wayne lead a raid on a suspected Mexican cartel safehouse, where they discovered dozens of decaying corpses and a booby trap that kills two officers. following the raid, Kate's boss recommends her for a Department of Justice special joint task force overseen by Matt graver, to apprehend the Sonora cartel lieutenant Manuel Diaz. on a private jet to El Paso, Texas, Kate meets Matt's partner, the secret of Alejandro Gillick. joined by US. Marshals, DEA agents and a u.s. army Delta 4th unit, the team travels in force to co Dodd Juarez, Mexico to extradite Guiana Modi as one of Diaz's top men. and his brother. at the border, crossing, the team preempts in ambush by swiftly killing many Mexican cartel gunmen at a u.s. airbase. Alejandro tortures Guillermo, learning of a tunnel Diaz uses to smuggle drugs into the u.s. Kate begins to question the legality of the team's methods and wonders for whom Matt and Alejandro really worked for. the team travels to an Arizona Border Patrol station to question detained illegal immigrants. Reggie and Kate demand to know Matt's plan, and he reveals that the objective is to disrupt Diaz's drug operations to such a degree that Diaz will be summoned back to Mexico by his boss, elusive Sonora cartel drug lord Fausto Alarcon. and by following Diaz, they will find a lock on the team raids a bank used by Diaz's money launderers, disrupting his cash flow. at a bar Reggie introduces Kate to Ted, a friend and local police officer. kate and ted go to her apartment, but as they become passionate, kate realizes he also works for the cartel. in the ensuing struggle, ted gains the upper hand and begins strangling kate, when Alejandro suddenly appears and subdues him. Alejandro and Matt revealed that they followed her as bait, suspecting that the cartel would send someone after her after she was seen by security cameras at the bank raid. Alejandro and Matt tortured ted into revealing the names of other officers working for Diaz. they soon learned that Diaz is being recalled to Mexico. but kate argues they have no jurisdiction in Mexico. Matt condescendingly tells her that he was only using her her status as a US. law officer granted them legal permission to operate within the US. regi advises that he and Kate walk away, but she insists on joining the raid on the tunnel in order to find out more. the team kills all the men in the tunnel, and Alejandro reaches the other end of the tunnel where he kidnapped one of Diaz's drug mules, a corrupt Mexican police officer named Sylvio Cator. and attempts to arrest Alejandro, who shoots into her bulletproof vest before driving off with Silvio in his cruiser. Kate returns to the US. side of the tunnel where she confronts Matt. Matt explains that by disabling the Sonora cartel, they are attempting to return to a time when a single cartel, midian, ran in the drug trade. this would ultimately return order to the industry and thus reduce violence. and until Americans stop using cocaine, this is the best they can hope for. Alejandro, who worked from adian, was brought on to assassinate a lock on Matt explains to Kate that alarc\xc3\xb3n had ordered the murder of Alejandro's wife and daughter, and that this is Alejandra's opportunity for revenge. in Mexico, Alejandra locates Diaz and at gunpoint forces him to continue on to alarcon and kill Silvio. reaching a Larkins estate, Alejandro, with the help of US. surveillance technology, killed Diaz and all the guards. he finds the Al'ar Cohen family at their dinner table, accuses Alarcon of murdering his and many other families, and shoots his wife and both his sons before killing him. Alejandro appears in Kate's apartment where he forces her, at gunpoint, to sign a waiver legitimizing the operation. as he leaves, she aims her pistol at him as he makes eye contact with her, but she cannot bring herself to pull the trigger. and CEO dad Juarez, Silvio's Widow watches her son's soccer game. the game is briefly interrupted by the sound of gunfire, before continuing. [Music], 