so before we got the trailer for season two of ghost we already knew that redmond, he was going to play the role of davis maclean's brother. we saw this while they were filming season two. and guess who? i'm shooting a scene with today. y'all never get it. that's right, y'all. funk doc is on the same with you. yes, i'm playing this bruh on ghost power book two. and it's gonna be fire, fire. so y'all stay tuned, man. we'll keep locked in, you know what i mean? and we knew method man in redmond. they're practically brothers off-screen. and when he was mentioned that he had a brother in season one, we all knew it was gonna be redmond who was going to play the role. so this is going to be a very short video, because we don't actually know too much about theo roland's character. but we're going to break it down with a further few key details and look at redmon's character. we're going to have a look at his character description, his past and history and what he could bring to power, as well as a bit of lorenzo, because it seems as if they could be in the same prison by the color of their jumpsuits. but of course, if you're new to the channel and you haven't done so already, remember to smash the subscribe button if you didn't see everything powerbook 2, ghost season 2 and power universe related. now there are a few questions going into season 2. why is dear roland in prison? did davis mclean have a role in him being sentenced? and what was he sent down for? because we know from his character description, theo roland used to run the streets with his little brother, davis mclean. but now they sit on the opposite sides of the law. theo's serving an extensive prison term, and davis just off his win from the tasha st. patrick case. he's the biggest defense attorney in new york city. but they both know how the past played out. differently, davis mclean could have been locked up alongside his big brother, but theo questions if his kill is enough for davis to keep his promise. so we know one thing, davis mclean used to run the streets with his brother, and he's someone who was in the game before. and it definitely sounds as if his brother, theo, took the rap for whatever they got caught for. so i do think theo is covering for whatever davis mclean did. and the past in history of the two brothers crimes will definitely be revealed in a few conversations across season two of ghost. and this is the side that i'm really looking forward to from davis mclean, because we know proctor had this side to him, which grew as the seasons went on in power. we knew that procter had a family who was connected to the streets, and he was a character who accepted, later on in power, that whoever was a threat had to go. we had procter telling ghosts many times he had to get rid of angela. they had to get rid of maria suarez, because she was someone who could identify him as ghost. and if he wanted to keep his identity a secret, then he had to get rid of anybody that could associate him as ghost. he went even as far as to watching his ex-wife lindsay proctor died of an overdose, something which he could have prevented if you wanted to. and i do think we're going to see a similar turn of character from davis mclean as well, especially as we start to learn more about his past and history with theo, and as he starts to work with tariq a bit more, he's going to learn wherever terry goes, there's always a death involved, because that's just who he is. he's a saint patrick, and he'll always be under the spotlight. and even though davis mclean already knows some of the history of the saint patrick's after dealing with the tasha case, he definitely doesn't know what he's getting himself into with tariq and the taharis. so i do predict his character to start taking a dark turn, and possibly even telling tariq. in order for him to stay out of jail, he's gonna have to get rid of someone. because we know davis maclean, he wins at all costs. he's got an unbeaten record, and he'll want to keep it that way. but with theo himself, he won't be coming out anytime soon. he's serving an extensive prison term, although they didn't specify how long for and what he's inside for. but we all know one way he can get out of prison, and that's by snitching, the same way in which uncle frank was able to be released from prison in season one because he was a snitch. or you could be released the way two bit was released. but let's wait and see, because i do think he's gonna play a bigger role. because he's actually wearing the same jumpsuit color as lorenzo as well. and this tells me that they're gonna be locked up in the same prison. so they could very well know each other, especially considering they've been locked up for a while. and this part from lorenzo's character description tells us that he's going to learn some secrets that molini's been keeping from him, which will cause the conflict and split between the tardive family. but where's he gonna learn these secrets from? could it be one of davis mclean and tariq's play to feed these secrets and information through his brother theo, for example, to cause this to harder split? because tariq will need to sacrifice someone in order for him to stay our prison, that's for sure. and he's gonna have to be smart about the way he does it. whether it's sacrificing one of the taharis, such as zeke or monet, for example, tariq will definitely do what he has to do. and he's proven to us before that he'll do whatever he has to to protect himself and his family. we saw him kill ray ray ghost and jabari, and also play a huge part in kanan's death. but tariq only kills when he has to kill. so i definitely think they're introducing davis mclean's brother more than just to give us a bit more of a backstory to his character. he could play a key role being in the same prison as lorenzo, who we only got a very small scene of from this trailer. but let me know what you guys think. what's in store from three of rowling's character, and what role could he play in season 2 of powerbook 2 ghost? drop all your comments down below. and of course, if you're new to the channel and you haven't done so already, do remember to smash the subscribe button if you want to see everything power book 2 ghost and power universe related. but as always, thank you guys for watching, and i'll see you next time. 