[Music]. there was a baseball game in the small town, but a huge fireball appeared in the distant sky. all of a sudden, there was chaos all over the place. a long time before, the monsters had begun to slaughter. this is an american horror film. the quiet place. part two, lee came to a convenience store to buy fruit. this was the place where the whole family started the first film. there was news on tv. it seemed that a city had been attacked one day. marcus took part in a baseball game in the town emmett. lee's friend also came to watch. the radio was suddenly disturbed on one side. the dog also stirred up. looking up at the distant sky, a huge fireball suddenly appeared. aware that something might happen, people on the court scattered before leaving. lee was going to ask the police what was going on. but the next second, the monster suddenly appeared and knocked the police car over. lee wanted to leave with his daughter in a hurry, but he couldn't ignite his car at this time. evelyn only saw chaos in the street. she didn't know what happened. she didn't realize the seriousness of the matter, until the monster suddenly landed in front of the car. lee and his daughter hid in the restaurant, but someone's phone just rang and led the monster in. at that time, evelyn and her two sons hid behind the police car. lee and his daughter also escaped from the restaurant. just as they were about to be overtaken by the monster, the injured policeman raised his gun, and the gunfire turned the monster's attention to him, with the police shouting, the picture cut back to the end of the first movie. at that time, evelyn and regan just killed three monsters nearby. at this point, the plot of part two also officially began. it was the 474th day of the monster invasion, and they all knew that if they wanted to survive, they had to find other survivors. evelyn moved her baby in the oxygen tank in the delivery room. regan refitted the loudspeaker in the basement to be portable. according to the location marked by lee, she found signs of survivors not far away. so the three set foot on the journey that day. it was the furthest they'd gone in more than a year. along the railway. they soon found an abandoned factory. evelyn walked carefully through the barbed wire, but she accidentally touched the mechanism set by others. in an instant, the whole string of bottles made a clear sound. knowing the sound would lead the monster here, evelyn told her children to run away. at this time, not far away, someone was aiming at them with a shotgun. evelyn wanted to run as far as possible, but marcus, who ran in the front, accidentally stepped on the trap. there was no way to run. evelyn could only put her hand over her son's mouth. they put the baby back in the wooden box. evelyn helped her son get out of the trap. seeing that the monster had appeared, regan quickly turned on the speaker and put the hearing aid next to the microphone. the high frequency hal magnified several times, made it difficult for the monster to move. in an instant, its skull cracked. evelyn took advantage of this opportunity to blow the monster's head. the fire gun would attract more monsters, so they had to run as quickly as possible. then a mysterious man suddenly appeared. he took the initiative to guide them. after going through a huge factory building, the man led them into a basement. there was a sealed cabin in the basement. the cabin was airtight, so even if they talked to each other inside, the monsters outside were totally imperceptible. at the same time, because of this, every time the door closed, the man would use a timer to remind him to open for ventilation. it turned out that this man was emmett, a friend of lee in the first scene. his son died on the first day of the invasion. his wife died of illness two months ago. emmett told evelyn that many of the survivors had changed their character. evelyn might not know, but he'd seen it sometimes. he even felt that human beings were not worth saving. marcus suddenly heard the song on the radio. the three of them were very surprised, but emmett said calmly, the song's name was on the other side of the sea. it turned out that this song had been playing for more than four months. regan doubted that her father searched for signals every day, but why he didn't find it at that time? emmett told him that was because their home was in a valley. it was to receive a signal in a valley. though their relationship was good now, resources were scarce. emmett could only tell him to leave as soon as possible. late at night, when everyone was asleep, regan secretly woke marcus up and went to talk in the airtight cabin. the airlock could be open from inside, because the towel could prevent the doorbolt from being locked. regan guessed that the song on the radio might have other meanings. the song was called on the other side of the sea. she suspected it might be a signal. it turned out that she had found the radio station playing the song through the frequency band. the radio station was located on an island in the nearby sea. she planned to follow the railway all the way to the seaside. as long as they could find a boat, they could go to the island. at that time, they could use the radio to spread the roar of the hearing aid. the radio in everyone's hands would become a powerful weapon against the monsters. though her plan was perfect, marcus refused to take a risk. they all knew that their mom wouldn't agree. so the next morning, regan secretly carried weapons in the speaker with her alone on her way to the seaside. waking up in the morning, marcus saw a note. it turned out that his sister kept him watching the radio station, waiting for the success of her plan. learning that regan went to the seaside alone, evelyn asked emmett to help her find regan. regan saw a carriage on the road. inside laid many dead bodies. in the process, she accidentally disturbed the birds perched in the carriage. there must have been a tragic experience. then she found a first aid kit in the carriage. but as soon as she saw the monster, she stopped rummaging. it must have been because of the sound of the birds. just then, seeing the monster, regan opened the speaker in a hurry. but she had held the hearing aid in the microphone with one hand, she could only shoot the monster with the gun in her other hand. as a result, the monster was only slightly injured. fortunately, emmett arrived in time to save her. initially, emmett was dragged by evelyn to help her take regan back. but after listening to regan's plan, emmett was completely convinced. so he decided to go to the island with regan. emmett knew how to communicate with regan. though regan was deaf, she could speak like a normal person. emmett couldn't speak sign language, but regan could read lip language. on evelyn's side, she found that she was short of oxygen. so she decided to go back to town and find some oxygen tanks. when she left, the baby could only be taken care of by marcus. as she passed through the iron bridge, she thought of her son, who died here a year ago. evelyn knew that the past was always to be put down. so before she left, she left her ring here. it was getting dark. emmett and regan were looking for the right boat. at the dock, marcus was bored with looking after the baby, so he wandered around. when evelyn came to the town, she also found the medicine and oxygen she needed. then emmett found a little girl on the dock. he wanted to check on her, but she hooked a rope around his neck. at the end of the rope, many bottles and cans were tied together. just a little movement would make a sound. marcus found a mummy when he was wondering, it must be emmett's sick wife. but because he wasn't prepared for this scene, he let out a scream of horror. emmett was afraid to move for fear of making a noise. at this time, many survivors appeared near the dock. but these people were not here to help. they not only plundered materials, but also tried to take regan away. what was taken was the hearing aid. realizing that things were getting out of hand, emmett signaled regan to dive into the water. he seized the opportunity to take down their leader. the crew hadn't responded yet. the sound of the cans and bottles led the monsters to the dock. the crew was killed. frantically, emmett jumped into the water after grabbing the hearing aid. he also found out that the monster couldn't swim, and one of them drowned because of chasing him. the other one jumped on the boat and didn't dare move. at this time, regan, who jumped into the water first, also found a suitable boat. they went to the island. overnight. on the other side, marcus made a sound. after seeing the mummy, the monster followed the sound. with his injury, he endured severe pain and took the baby into the airtight cabin. but when he closed the door, he forgot to lock the bolt with a towel. he didn't realize it until he had difficulty breathing and wanted to come out. in desperation, he could only take turns with the baby to breathe in. as soon as evelyn returned, she heard a loud noise coming from the factory. she used gunfire to draw the monster away from the capsule, and then, with the help of oxygen tanks, she set up a trap. but she had underestimated the monster. looking at the monster who was rising from the fire, evelyn was desperate. then she came to the basement. under the cover of the sound of water, she opened the door, and finally, her two children were saved in the nick of time. it wasn't long before emmits and regan landed on the island. they were very careful at first, but they found that it was peaceful here on the island. and just as regan guessed, the song was a signal of safety from the people on the island to the outside world. it turned out that soon after the monsters invaded the earth, they were found to be afraid of water. the government arranged for people to take refuge on ships. at first, people were suspicious and did not dare to go aboard until they saw the first boat leave safely. the rest of them started to compete to go aboard. as a result, the noise attracted the monsters. there were 12 ships at the dock that day, but only the first two ships left successfully. emmett told him the plan of regan to save mankind. she would use the radio station on the island, broadcasting the high frequency wine of the hearing aid. after listening to the plan, the leader didn't eject. after daybreak, emmett looked at the portrait of his son. he felt that there was still hope. but then a strange sound came not far away. on closer inspection, he found that a broken ship had landed. and that was the ship the monster jumped on last night. the monster had come to the island with the ship. emmett rushed to inform the residents of the island when he found danger. but they didn't hear him yet. the monster had started to slaughter the leader hid children in a closet. then he whistled to attract the monster. on the way to the radio station, the monster pested them, but eventually it was cut off in the middle. after arriving at the radio station, the leader worried that the monster would turn back and hurt the residents. but the next second, he was dragged away by the monster. emmett and regan couldn't do anything to save him. on the other side, evelyn found that there was no movement outside through the window, so she opened the cabin quietly. the monster followed regan and emmett into the radio station. regan found the studio, but when she went in, the sound of opening the door led the monster to them. at the same time, the monster on evelyn's side suddenly killed a rifle. emmett wanted to help regan, but he got dragged to the ground. evelyn wanted to escape back to the cabin, but the door was damaged by the monster. evelyn's leg was scratched. at this critical moment, regan quickly turned on the hearing aid. the monster immediately became very resistant. it did not get close to her. she turned on the radio. when she pressed the hearing aid against the microphone, the howling inside was immediately spread out. the monster split in an instant on the other side, at regan's command. marcus had been watching the sound on the radio at that time. the earphone suddenly came a harsh howl. at this moment, marcus knew that regan's plan had been successful. regan approached the monster step by step, while marcus also held the radio to the monster. regan picked up an iron bar, and marcus slowly raised his pistol with the gunfire, the monsters in front of them both fell down in an instant. regan protected emmett, who had saved her life. marcus also protected his mother and his little brother. though they did solve the current crisis, the battle between humans and monsters had just begun. so that was an open ending of the movie. the quiet place, part two, 