Welcome back to Movie Recaps. Today I will show you a zombie horror film from 2013, titled World War Z. Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. We see a suburban house. Two kids enter their parent's room and jump on their bed. Later, Gerry gives his daughters pancakes, and his wife Karin tells Rachel to get her inhaler. He watches the riots on the news, where one government has declared martial law. Connie asks what that is and if he was in places like that with his old job. Gerry says that he was, but that he quit so that he could be with them. Rachel brings Connie her toy, and they leave for school. On the way, they play a game in the car because they are stuck in traffic. Karin wonders about the number of helicopters in the air. Gerry turns on the radio. The news report about an outbreak of rabies that started in Taiwan and has spread to other countries. Suddenly, a biker breaks the side view mirror, and Gerry gets out to pick it up and see what's happening. An explosion happens down the street. A cop on a motorbike orders him to get in the car when a truck smashes into him and continues to clear out the street. Gerry begins to drive behind it, thinking it can be their way out. It rams into another truck and topples over, but Gerry turns and avoids a crash. He drives through the city, filled with the military, and on the verge of a crisis. Gerry turns around to tell Rachel to put her seatbelt on when an ambulance hits their car. None of them are hurt. Gerry takes Connie out first and then Rachel from the same side. Zombies can be seen chasing down frightened people and attacking them relentlessly. A zombie woman smashes through the windshield of a car to get to the people inside. Karin sees her bite into a man, and she freaks out. Gerry tells her to run. As they do so, he observes the situation with the woman. The bitten man turns into a zombie on the spot. Gerry gets his family into an RV as the other zombies ravage the people on the street. One zombie almost enters their car. Gerry rides furiously through the streets as zombies keep attacking the vehicle. They eventually get to a road outside of the city. Rachel has an asthma attack, and Karin tries to calm her down. She checks her backpack for a spare inhaler, and Gerry stops the vehicle to sit with Rachel, talking her through the attack. Karin doesn't find the medicine and wants to start the RV so they can find a pharmacy, but it won't go. Gerry's phone rings. The call is from a former colleague Thierry. He tells him that they barely made it out and that he doesn't know what happened either. Meanwhile, Connie finds a shotgun, and Gerry takes it away from her. Karin manages to get the RV going. Thierry tells Gerry that he'll try to get a chopper to them, calling him back with an extraction point in an hour. Before he hangs up, he tells Gerry that he'll need him back on the job. They arrive in Newark and proceed to a store that has already been stormed by people. They split up, with Karin going to get some food and Gerry taking Rachel to find the medicine she needs. In the pharmacy, they run into a guy with a gun who asks them what they need. He finds the medicine for them and gives it to Gerry, along with something else that might help. Meanwhile, Connie screams for him, rolling by herself in a cart. They get to her and see Karin being attacked. Gerry goes after her, but the men start shooting. He shoots back and gets one of them. A police officer runs in, and Gerry puts his hands up, but he just goes to get the groceries he needs. The family gets out of the store and finds the RV gone. Gerry calls Thierry to tell him where they will be, but he says that he can get a chopper to them earliest at sunrise. The family will be waiting on the top of an apartment building with flares. They get to the building, and zombies chase after them. Gerry holds them off outside, then joins the family to secure the door. As they run up the stairs, the zombies break through the door and follow them. In the chaos of the chase, they lose Connie and go searching for her through the apartments. They find her in front of an open door with another family inside. Gerry gets them inside. They get settled and communicate with the parents via Thomas, their son. Gerry finds an emergency broadcast on the radio. The message states that everyone should stay indoors if possible because an unidentified virus has spread across the state. Gerry wakes up from a nightmare and hears something outside. He finds Rachel and Thomas in another room, and the boy tells him that she was crying. Later, Gerry talks to the father and tells him that they have a better chance to survive if they come with them. He declines his offer. Gerry and his family leave the apartment. They hear the zombies inside the building and run toward the roof while Thomas's family argues about going with them because the zombies are at their door. Gerry's family hides to regroup. When they open the doors, the zombies attack instantly. They run up the stairs, and Gerry fights off a few of them, with more zombies at their tail. Meanwhile, the chopper approaches the building but doesn't see them. Gerry fights another zombie as Karin and the girls escape to the roof. Suddenly, Thomas kills the zombie. Karin lights the flares. The chopper sees them. Gerry comes to the roof with Thomas but gets away from them to see if he'll turn. He takes a moment but hears the zombies at the door and runs to holds it down. When the chopper lands, Karin and the kids get on it. A soldier covers Gerry's back so he can get to the chopper. They continue shooting at the zombies who throw themselves after the helicopter and fall off the building. The chopper lands on a U.N. ship in the Atlantic ocean. Thierry greets them upon arrival, then leads them to their bunks. He tells them that they're not dropping anchor again. As he leads Gerry to command, he informs him that all the major cities around the globe took the worst of the virus. Inside the command station, a think tank is seen brainstorming over the virus. Doctor Fassbach thinks that once they find the origin of the virus, they could create a vaccine. Thierry calls Fassbach their best bet to figure out what the virus is, and tells Gerry that the word "zombie" was first used in a memo from South Korea. They plan to send the doctor there to look for the source. Suddenly, a general walks into command, heading straight for Gerry. He tells him that since he was Thierry's best investigator, they want to send him to South Korea with a team and Fassbach. Gerry says no because he can't leave his family. The general can't convince him so he threatens him. If he doesn't work for them, they will kick his family off the ship. Garry talks to Karin and tells her what their situation is. He gives her a phone and tells her to call him once a day. Gerry promises that he'll come back, then says goodbye to his daughters and to Thomas. Gerry's plane takes off. He tells Fassbach that he needs to follow the soldier's orders. Gerry also tells him to call out anything he sees as important so they can make it happen. Fassbach thinks that they'll find something there and says that sometimes what might seem like the most brutal aspect of the virus turns out to be its fault. Meanwhile, the ship is relocating all non-essential persons off-board. The airplane lands in South Korea even though no one answers from the base to confirm if they can. The hatch opens, and the team begins to move out when they hear something outside. They exit slowly when zombies begin to attack. Fassbach gets scared and runs back to the plane, slips and falls on the gun, accidentally shooting himself. The soldiers fight off the zombies and proceed to the base without Fassbach. Once inside they are met with the soldiers from the base who ask them why they're there. Gerry tells them about Fassbach, then the pilot asks about refueling. Captain Speke explains that when it comes to it they'll have to be very careful because the zombies are drawn to noise. He tells them that headshots are the ones that do the trick, but they also burn the bodies when they can. He asks Gerry what he'll do since Fassbach is dead. Gerry explains the memo with the word "zombie". They take him to a holding room with burned bodies and explain that all of those were soldiers trying to detain their doctor. He bit all of them. The only thing they know about how he got the virus was that a soldier that had disappeared a week before had bitten him. When the doctor returned, he bit as many as 15 men. Unfortunately, the documents with which Gerry could track the soldier that bit the doctor were also destroyed in the fire. Speke tells him that one of his men didn't get attacked by the zombies, even though he was right in the middle of them. Gerry sees a former CIA agent in holding and talks to him. He had been selling guns to North Korea, but he tells Gerry that guns are only half-measures. The ex-agent pulls out his last remaining tooth and tells him that they pulled out the teeth of the entire population in 24 hours to stop the spread. Gerry calls it bullshit. Then the man says that Israel is the only country winning the war by building an entire wall around Jerusalem, and he tells Gerry who to find there. Later, Gerry tells his pilot that they are going to Jerusalem. The soldiers prepare Garry and his team to get on the plane. Speke has an entire strategy on how to handle the refueling of the plane. Gerry and his team ride to the plane on bikes, and the soldiers surround the base with snipers to cover their backs. Speke tells them over the radio that they have to be quiet and get to the plane before he can bring in the fuel. As they ride, Karin calls Gerry, and his ringtone wakes the zombies. The men proceed to move with zombies on their tail when Speke takes down a group of them with the fuel truck. The refueling begins as Gerry and his team fight zombies in front of the plane. A zombie attacks Gerry and Speke saves him but gets bitten himself. As Gerry is being loaded on board, Speke tells his men that he'll kill himself before he turns. Gerry sees him do it from the plane. One of his team walks out to detach the fuel line as Gerry gets in the cockpit, locking the door behind him so the zombies don't come in. When they lift off, they fall out of the back of the plane. Gerry calls Karin and tells her that they'll be going to Israel. She tells him that the kids are ok. Suddenly there's an explosion, and the call is dropped. The airplane approaches Jerusalem, and they ask for the MOSSAD agent Gerry is going there to see, and they get granted access. Gerry tells his pilot to stay with the plane. Then he's taken with a convoy to the agent. Jurgen Warmbrunn tells him that it's human nature not to believe something can happen until it already has. Gerry asks him how Israel knew. Warmbrunn tells him that they interrupted a communiqu\xc3\xa9 from an Indian general in which he mentions fighting zombies. Gerry doesn't think that was the thing that convinced the veteran agent. He explains that in the '70s they made a strategy in which the 10th man must disagree with the other 9 that arrived at the same conclusion. The 10th man has to start digging with the assumption that the other 9 are wrong. Since everyone else assumed that zombies were a cover for something else, being the 10th he had to work under the assumption that it was true. Warmbrunn tells him that there are many potential origins in play, but no one knows where the virus originated. They finally arrive at the wall, through which they let people into the city. Zombies gather around the wall. People inside begin to celebrate their potential salvation. Since the singing becomes so loud it drives the zombies to the wall, and they begin climbing it. Gerry asks Warmbrunn if he could get into India what he should look for, but the agent tells him that he can only look for a way to hide. The zombie horde climbs the wall as the celebration continues, but the authorities realize something is happening. Zombies start falling from the wall and into Jerusalem. Gerry tries to escape with Warmbrunn as the zombies begin rampaging inside the wall. Helicopters pick them off from the outside, barely making a dent. Warmbrunn tells Gerry that his people will get him to his plane. The zombies make their way deeper into the city, and the Israeli army can't do much about it. Gerry runs with a crowd that is constantly chased by zombies. Until a soldier activates a grenade. Meanwhile, the pilot of Gerry's plane gets informed that the city is breached and that zombies are headed towards the airport. A zombie horde follows Gerry and the officers. He looks out of a window where a horde rampages and sees a child being completely avoided by them. The officers keep staving off the zombies, as Gerry hides. They activate more grenades, and v kills the last zombie. She gets bitten in the process. When Gerry sees the bitemark he cuts off her hand, and the virus can't spread. Segen loses a hand but doesn't turn into a zombie. The last survivors run toward the chopper that arrived for them, but it gets attacked by a group of zombies and goes down. Gerry's pilot requests immediate departure, as Gerry approaches the airport. He sees his plane already on air. They stop another departing plane. Only Gerry and Segen enter the plane through the cockpit. The pilots don't know where to go and are looking through a map when a zombie horde surrounds the plane. Fortunately, it lifts off in time. Once in the air, Gerry takes a look down at the city and watches as it gets decimated by the zombies that entered. He finds alcohol and gives it to Segen. Gerry needs to change the dressing on her wound and disinfects his hands, then the stump. Lastly, he dresses her arm and tells her that he didn't know if cutting it off would work. Suddenly, Gerry remembers the story about officer Ellis and remembers other people that have not been attacked by zombies. He realizes what they should do and calls Karin, telling her to find Thierry. Gerry tells him that he needs to locate a research facility close to him. Thierry needs to know where he is, and Gerry bangs on the cockpit door. He gives his phone to the pilot. After the conversation with Thierry, the pilot tells him that they will be going to Cardiff, where there is a possibility of reaching a W.H.O. research facility. Gerry hears the dog bark in the back. When the stewardess calls the elevator, the dog runs away. She opens it, and a zombie attacks her. Gerry realizes something is going on as the stewardess attacks people and makes more zombies. He sees what's happening and tells the passengers to stay quiet. They work together to block out the door with everything they can find. One of the passengers drops a bag and alerts the zombies. They storm the plane and rampage through it. Gerry battles with the zombies, and he almost gets bit when Segen shoots the zombie that's after him. She keeps firing, and Gerry finds a grenade on her belt that he throws in the back of the plane. It shreds the plane, and the pilots have to make an emergency landing. Gerry puts the seatbelt on Segen, then himself. A remaining zombie attacks them as the pilots prepare for impact. The plane splits into bits upon impact. Later, Gerry wakes up, strapped to his seat, and sees that Segen isn't in hers. He's badly wounded by a piece of shrapnel. Gerry drops from his seat. Suddenly, Segen shows up. They find their way to the W.H.O. facility. Meanwhile, the general at the U.N. ship is informed that the Cardiff airport lost contact with Gerry's plane. Karin is being called in to talk to Thierry. He talks to his commander, who tells him to kick Karin and the kids off the ship. Back at the facility, Gerry is having delusions and nightmares. He wakes up and sees his wound dressed, then notices someone sitting next to him. As soon as Gerry wakes up, the man consults with someone else in another room. They come back and ask him who he is. They show him the phone, so he says to call it and find out who he is. Thierry is surprised that Gerry is alive then introduces himself to the men. Before they can answer, Gerry asks about Karin, and Thierry tells him what happened. Later, Gerry is out of the restraints and they bring Segen in to see him. They say that his family has been sent to a refugee camp, but Gerry knows that they won't be safe there. The main W.H.O. doctor asks him what he needs from them, then takes him to his team. Gerry asks for their deadliest virus with a high mortality rate because he wants to use it against the zombies. They tell him that he can't make the undead sick, but Gerry explains that it's not for them but for the humans. He thinks that the zombies' weakness is not being able to infect a sick host. Gerry's notion is that the people he saw being avoided by the zombies had a terminal disease that the zombies could sense, so they didn't attack. Using the lethal pathogen wouldn't be a cure but camouflage. One of the doctors understands his reasoning, so she explains that the only way to prove that would be to meet with a zombie face to face. She says that they have all the viruses, but they are all stored in the B-wing that's infested with around 80 zombies. Another doctor tells him that the zombies in the B-wing are dormant at the moment. He shows him how they can get there. Next, Gerry, Segen, and the lead doctor are preparing to go to the wing with the vaults and get the virus. Gerry and Segen also get weapons, though the doctors tell them not to kill any zombie because it makes the rest more aggressive. The three of them walk into the hallway. The lead doctor tells his subordinates to seal the doors for good if anything else but them comes through the hallway. The doctors monitor them from the safety of the other wing. Gerry walks in first, and the light comes on as they slowly walk through the facility. They keep making noise and wake a few of the zombies a little. When they reach a lab with glass doors, Segen moves to the other side first, then the doctor, and lastly Gerry, without alerting the zombies. They continue to the vaults but make a noise with a flip door and wake up the zombies. They go through and arrive at the vaults. There is a zombie down there too, which hears them. Segen shoots her, prompting all the zombies to run toward them. Gerry distracts the zombies so the rest can get to the vault. Most of them get stuck behind a door. Only one follows Gerry. He takes it down without too much trouble. Suddenly, another one appears, and Gerry gets him too. Segen and the doctor get to the vaults but run into more zombies. They run and are followed out. The other doctors open the doors for them even though they are chased by a group of zombies. They can barely manage to hold the door but still close it eventually. Running away, Gerry manages to get to the vault where the viruses are stored. He walks inside and tries to open the door when the phone rings. The doctor tells him the passcode, and Gerry walks inside. He grabs every virus that can fit in a box. Suddenly, a zombie appears at the door, and Gerry is left with no other choice but to inject himself with one of the viruses. He gives the others a message for his family, prepares one of the viruses, and injects it into his arm. Gerry waits for the virus to take hold while the zombie is still outside of the vault. After a while, he decides to open the door. The zombie walks in, but it doesn't attack him. His idea worked. Gerry drinks a can of soda and releases the mechanism on the soda machine to distract the zombies and get them moving in the other direction. He walks back to the main facility without the zombies giving him any trouble. The doctors give him a vaccine, and he leaves the facility with Segen. Gerry goes to find his family in the refugee camp. All of them are there waiting for him. Meanwhile, his idea gets spread out to the entire world. The W.H.O. comes up with a vaccine that works as camouflage, helping people become invisible to the zombies. It gives humankind a chance to fight them off. Humans have also devised strategies to annihilate entire hordes of zombies with either fire or with bombs. Survivors find each other and get prepared for a war that's just beginning. 