[Music]. 1983 is a new Netflix original show that is currently flying under the radar, but definitely deserves your attention. the show is set in a dystopian reality that features heavy parallels with the book 1984 by George Orwell. obviously, there's a lot to unpack from the show, and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about season one and its ending. there will be heavy spoilers here, so if you're yet to see it, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. for everyone else, I'm definition and welcome to the channel where I roon it so you don't have to. set twenty years after a series of devastating bomb blasts rocked Poland in 1983, we follow a group of resistance fighters that start to rise up against their totalitarian and government. since the terrorist attacks, of the government have increased security to the detriment of freedom. and there are very clear parallels to be drawn between our current climate of the privatization of personal information. episode 8, titled Requiem, concludes the series by bringing together a lot of dangling plot points and answering many questions that the show posed. one of the big reveals in the show is that we finally discovered that there was a spy working within the light brigade. all along. the light brigades plan was to infiltrate the Trask a network and relay a message about the truth of the mass disappearances. however, before they could broadcast the message, the s be stormed their headquarters and killed the majority of their members. we learn that Powell had tipped the SP off, and see him in the morgue surrounded by his dead comrades, which clearly shows that he was in on the ambush the whole time. Fe who was seemingly killed during the encounter, can be seen twitching her fingers in the final episode, which to me, highlights that she is still alive and will be around for season two. because the operation was a success for the SB. Anatole was commended and promoted to the Homicide Division. I believe this was done on purpose to pull him away from the case. as he, in cotton, stumbled across the conspiracy, and obviously, the further away that he is from it, the less it can play on his mind. at the end of season 1, cassia tan, hope I'm not messing his name, up ends up in America after being told to board the plane by his duplicitous girlfriend. he met with Carolina's Minister, Father wladislaw, I really hope I'm not messing this up, who informed him that he wasn't sure if he would be meeting the President or not. flash forward and we see cassia tan in an American Library where he's met by a spy. this led the character to be reunited with his mother, it was thought dead after being killed by spies. one of the most ambiguous questions is that of Ladislas true motives. it appears he may be, in fact, working with the American government to take down Poland from the inside. but this remains to be seen. the fact that cassia tire managed to meet with his mother shows that perhaps he is one of the good guys. but in the show with this many twists and turns, you can never be sure. so what are your thoughts on 1983? did you enjoy season 1 and where do you expect it to go in the future? comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please like it and check out my breakdown of this week's other big TV reveal, the flash, which will be linked at the end. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to Definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music]. 