and i am clausen, head of the special commission. and from today, i am responsible for the unresolved internist cell of the last year. in six days, our kiln will finally go offline. this is a drastic experience for all of us. everything at ground level is not touched anyway. and later, part of the green Meadow, the radiation of the barrels will lead to the previous use of the basin. everything is connected. you me, past and future. [music], apocalypse. it has to happen. you have doubts. [music], the missing pages from the book. you have to find them to stabilize the said. in the stable state, a kind of portal arises, which possibly allows the travel through time to be easy to understand when you have seen that it is the greatest the reason for the decision. and at the same time, it is possible to travel through time. you have to then, instead of, you don't have much time with regina. [music], mostly does everything. no point. but sitting there is maybe the only way to get back home. i die in there or out there, makes a difference? yes. no more fear of him. it 'll be blood the same. you ca n't choose your family. to free yourself from blood means you have to free yourself. that is not me now, that only has time. my mother loves you. you know that hong kongs never said what their name is. pleasant ulrich nielsen, and i come from the future. if you think adam will let himself back, then you will. you have to be your side. like for you. there is no redemption. i know where the last pages are, and i know how long it has been looking for claudia. in return that you say that i want to go back before the new cycle begins. director, where i yes, you knew it, that he is very betrayed here. i am not one of the number 1 best, nor charlotte. [music ], she had the pages with it. [music], agnes, go and let me know. but which one we have? 19 21? [music], i'm jonas your son. and then I think that will last for almost 32 years. is she opens you know about it. you want to go home. what do you say? at least first you are traveling. you want to finally have answers. [music ], traveling does not pass you without a trace. the human body is not made for it in the long run. are you? i am that is massive at the moment, then show us how it works. [music], the 33 years of waiting for this moment is the question, not how, but when. [music], i'm just i know who you are. when you were born. you can't give you great chances. you came too early. almost funny. i have visited you every year, eight yes. so time. because the akw jonas, everything will be the apocalypse will happen again. i have to destroy adam so that everyone will not only live in the bunker. no, not. i will come back. i am not home. it is not the same as that in the future. It was, so to speak, his twin that came into being in the future due to the catastrophe in two days, that you absolutely want to prevent. that we have made ourselves here, but the end will send you to exactly the day you want to travel. is the twentieth in 33 year cycle. june 2009, 10, the day before everything happened. we have to stop being able to take our own life, then everything that follows won't happen. [music], i know everything. i know that your real name is to use media. i know that you want to hang on to the studio have you already written the letter? there are big bows hanging together. but you that you kill yourself. that is the beginning. how did you find the passage there? more time. you brought me all the way to the door through the tunnel. maybe you i can here to stop him first, to show what I can where it. but if we do not happen, then you will not be born. and maybe is a or in old much commissioner than you think you are. you belong to adam out there. there are two sides. he has here says, here will hang and exactly to trigger everything again, as it always happens. that can't be. we all have to spend. dear jonas, when you read this, everything has already happened, irretrievably. it can no longer be changed. our truth in order to survive. try to forget until it no longer works. we can say what his task is in all this, on which way you really send him. we all know will come. has to spend. [music] is someone i can see now. i may see you after your beginning. katharina nielsen, he told you, a brother is the son of his brother. my grandchildren and a nephew, i 'm so sorry. i love you. resemblances with him, but not. what are you doing there? call in the guard to do the hut. you are a victim. brings everything is ascribed. is already banking, probably against everyone. it sounds pretty much the wise devil. you are still traveling back to where i come from. i have lost everything. all i want is a new beginning in the future. you have to go now. a warrant for the nuclear power plant. i can't prove that i killed my brother, but i get them for what happened here last twelve months. i 'm taught everything for the future, in the past or music. bands want to create a new world. you and me, we want to save this. let me used. let me do all these things. but i know what now i have to do. [music]. today is a daughter. she is elisabeth's daughter. and her mother, agnes, we cannot escape our destiny. the passage reopened. that is why he went through the means. he also said that we would become friends. before I was hurt, he is the savior. you are the savior. only from marta, you have to advise her father, magnus franziska, me and agnes, this cycle has to be closed so that the next cycle begins. why do you want the future to happen again? because what is created today, it is the beginning of the end. i can lead you, in the future, to your new determinations at the end of this world. i am the trigger for you to become that. so I should have, but I'm here to save you from the apocalypse. what an apocalypse? [music], only later we have to get away. the question is not from what time, but from what world? [ Music], 