[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to at the game of thrones just dropped one of its biggest and darkest episodes ever. the night king is no more. that doesn't mean it's all plain sailing, though. and now the tides of war turn toward Cersei, who is amassing an army that looks set to tear apart the survivors of the Battle of Winterfell. throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about episode 4, as well as what it could lead to down the line. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen the latest release, then I highly suggest that you turn off now. but without the way, thank you for clicking this video. I hope you enjoy it. now sit back, relax, and let's get into my ending explain breakdown of Game of Thrones, season 8, episode 4. okay, so just a quick recap of episode 3. the 90-minute epic saw one of the biggest lies ever put to television. Game of Thrones fired their lighting director, Jorah did one of the worst white night plans ever an. area did her best impression of Rey in the last Jedi in order to take the night king out, t1000 style. episode 4 picks up with the aftermath of the Battle of Winterfell. Westeros should win an award for recycling after chopping up all those stakes in using them as pyres. but they burn the bodies, and the fires go far beyond the funerals, as John and Danny realized that they never settled on who would get the throne when this is all over. I don't know what it is about the Starks and staring at each other, but this moment shows that there's definitely going to be some tension between them, which is the main thrust of the episode. Danny decides to appoint Gendry, since the Lord, which to me, is clearly a power player, that will probably gain his loyalty. this all goes to his head a bit, and faster than you can say, I'm definitely not a virgin. now, he proposes to area. however, area is now able to put knight Kingkiller in a tinder bio, so she turns him down, staying, any lady would be lucky to have you. but I'm ladies, I never have been that's not me, savage. that's not the only part of the episode that feels like it's from an MTV dating show either, with Jamie doing the old baby, it's called outside line, and Daenerys going to John, hoping that he's got the taste of auntie out of his mouth. Dany safe, they can be together, but only if they keep their little secret, which if the roles were reversed, right? and it was Danny's uncle telling her that, it would be, yeah, a bit creepy. naturally. John doesn't seem to be into it. and this sets up the role that Daenerys will probably travel down as the Mad Queen. it turns out she's not the only one either. in the war room, the parties discussed how they now only have half an army, whereas Uzis has doubled in size. this is pretty much the army that your ex told you not to worry about. it's two times bigger, it's got an amazing tan and actually has a penis. this doesn't stop Danny though. and the words, we have won the great war, now we will win the last one echo throughout the episode, and it's clear that she believes with her at the helm, there will be everlasting peace, which, of course, shows her arrogance and conceited miss John pledges his armies, but you get the feeling that he's just keeping her sweet until this is all over and the Starks have the time to make a power play. bear in mind, she doesn't have much of an army left, so there's not much reason to bow to her when this is all over. to me, this is confirmed by the fact that Jon gathers his siblings for a gossip. and in true no you tell em style, John makes bran do it. at this point, Jamie and Tyrion are chilling, which is when bran of Blackwater busts in and tries his luck. sabbatarian offers to double the offer, which is great because we all know bran loves money and killing people. Torian uses a smooth tongue later to try and convince and said that Danny is the dragon to back in this race. but it seems to fall on deaf ears, with gossip spreading faster than an episode of loose women, and them all realizing that this new information is power. they know John has a better claim and that more people like him. so they tried to come up with a way that the two can share the throne. but we all know deep down that Dany isn't too good at that. meanwhile, Daenerys sails forth with her small fleet, which is when we get our first big debt in the episode, with yuan Greyjoy taking down Rey goal with Hugh this crossbow. we all know that was John's ride. so again, this symbolizes that Danny will be soul in her ownership of power going forward. Daenerys and a fleet are wiped out, with missandei going missing amongst the chaos. arriving back at King's Landing, we see Cersei doing a best Bowser impression, with the castle becoming lined with citizens in order to have a human shield. word travels fast with Varys finding out about this and passing it on, which Daenerys wholeheartedly decides to ignore, as she wants a throne. it's clear that the citizens are starting to turn against her though, and many seem to be wanting to see John as the rightful ruler. there's some amazing political campaign ask statements such as, make Westeros great again, yes we can. and [ __ ] are important, which sounds like it was ripped straight from Nigel Farage's new Brack support. he all in all, though, it becomes clear that Dany, or should I say, the mad Queen who won't share the throne, basically it looks like she's been playing that new game of thrones mobile app that pops up before every video, and it's decided she likes being Susie and doesn't really want anyone to get away. speaking of Cersei, we join her at King's Landing to see she has Mercedes, whatever her name is, I can never pronounce it right, so I'm just avoiding it with the army, waiting to see if Tyrion can get through to her one last time. he tries his best, even bringing up the death of her baby, but it doesn't really work, and the sundae goes out in its dark style. this sends Daenerys completely off the rails. and it becomes clear to me at least, that she has become the mad Queen now, completely blinded by her quest for the throne. and we'll take down Cersei and all those at King's Landing, and no matter the cost. the big stand out line for me and the show is the last war line, which, of course, showcases her arrogance over how good of a leader she will be when she gains the throne. she believes she will be unchallenged, which is, of course, a stupid point of view to take, especially when people are already eager to see Jon replace her. I think this will be her undoing. and apparently, the fifth episode has a bigger battle than the one from episode 3, which will probably see the majority of their forces wiped out. and therefore she will be at the mercy of the Starks, who will wish to oust her prompt as soon as they can. Danny likely won't take this lying down, though, and I can see the final episode dealing with the bow between herself and John, as they both put their lives on the line in order to secure leadership over the land. she's slowly starting to sound more and more like her brother. and this arrogance often leads to a fall, which no doubt she is headed towards if she remains the set on power, obviously. and loved hear your thoughts on the episode. and if you like the direction of this show is taking for its final few episodes, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up. and make sure you check out my full breakdown of every episode so far, which will be linked in a playlist at the end of the video. this is the channel for people who are never missing television. so if that's the kind of thing you like, you need to subscribe to definition. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music] you. 