[Music]. welcome to there be spoilers show. I'm your host, definition, and this is the channel where we explain it so you don't have to x-men. Dark Phoenix wraps up the Fox franchise and slightly meandering fashion that sees the series go out with more of a whimper than a bang. there is, however, still a lot to unpack from the movie. and throughout this video, I'll be breaking down everything that you need to know about the film, its final few scenes and what the studio originally had planned for the ending of the film. this is full spoilers ahead. so if you haven't seen Dark Phoenix yet and don't want anything room for yourself, then I highly recommend that you turn off now. without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. I hope you enjoy it. now sit back, relax, and let's get into my ending explain breakdown of Dark Phoenix. the movie opens with Jean Grey accidentally killing her mother in a car crash due to her inability to truly control her powers. this is a motif that follows the character throughout the film. and this movie is really about her mastering her abilities. as a mutant before they inevitably consume her and the world. from here, we watch as she grows into her role as one of the most powerful x-men. I'm sorry, should I say ex women? I'm alright, guys. I mean, all the women round here, they do all the save in your dead never mind. anyway, Xavier adopts Jean after Berlin, her father was unable to deal with what she did. the plot twist is what really pushes Jean over the edge in the film, and it's a rubella. it's certainly a big one. this happens at the film's midpoint, and it's sort of a bit of a gut punch for the character that really sends her off the deep end. now, the majority of this movie takes place in the 90s, and we discover that, unlike the original timeline, the x-men are celebrated and no longer seen as a public threat. that doesn't mean everything is fine, though, and some of the characters still bear resentment towards Xavier, who, their view, is controlling them. after a space mission goes haywire, the x-men are called to rescue the astronauts on board. and it's during this scene at Gina's Left Behind and absorbs the solar flare, which, if we discover, is the Phoenix force. from here, we are introduced to Smith, played by Jessica Chester, who is a member of an alien race known as the d'bari. fans of the comic will recognize his race as victims of the Phoenix during the Dark Phoenix saga, and will remember that their planet was destroyed by the titular Beast urine run. similar to that, the movie centers around the d'bari attempting to find a new home. and we learn that they are a shape-shifting alien race, which highly plays into why the movie had its original ending we shot, in my opinion. anyway, I'll get into that later. we'll just focus on the main plot. for now, the d'bari wish to unleash the phoenix upon the earth and claim the planet for themselves. having absorbed the solar flare, Jean is unable to control it, and unwittingly unleashes a blast that leads her on a path of discovery towards her true origin. this is where the film really ramps up, and it's also in this conflict that mystique is murdered by Jean. she was the best x-men, I mean, woman, I mean next person, whatever gender she's mimicking at the time, just just please don't call them x-men. we all know how offensive that term is these days. anyway, beast, who is planning to run away with her, is heartbroken, and Jean now on the run, please, to magneto. there's some awesome action scenes here. and whilst the pacing is really off, it still doesn't stop these brief moments from being enjoyable. beast joins Magneto after they unite over their love of their fallen ex person, and they agree to take jean out. now this is where the film really tries to get you invested in its final act. unfortunately, a lot of the elements are so poorly handle at this point, and it becomes difficult to fully enjoy the action, no matter how cool it looks. I really wonder what this final act could have been like if we've gotten what was originally shot. and though the powers used here are pretty great, I feel like if it hadn't remained in space, like originally planned, that the movie would have been elevated a lot or Smith attempting to steal the Phoenix force from gene, who is at this point unconscious, ambushes the x-men with her allies. and whilst the mutants put up a fight, they aren't really a match for the extraterrestrials. get it? extra extraterrestrial never mind. Charles has no other option but to wake Jean up, and she wipes out all of the aliens pretty easily. Smith, still determined to get the Phoenix force out, won't give up, and states that, as Jean can't control the Phoenix, if she kills her, then she will our friends. thus Jean flies them into space, blowing the two of them up and apparently killing them both in the process. Scott renames the school after Jean. Quicksilver, who was put in a coma because the writers didn't know how else to use him when he's pretty much impossible to beat. wakes up and Charles leaves for Europe. in a scene similar to Inception, though this feels more like a nightmare. the character is tracked down by magneto, who, in true franchise fashion, wishes to meet up with him for a game of chess. now, whilst Jean is apparently dead, similar to the ending, of x2, we do get a faint Phoenix impression in the sky, and thus it's safe to assume that she survived the explosion. however, what I don't get is why they left the final film of the franchise on a cliffhanger when they knew that there wouldn't be really anything after it. perhaps this is no cliffhanger, and it's just a way for the x-men franchise to close out with a happy ending, but I feel like we as an audience could have had more closure. after being fans for the best part of two decades, this ending is either gonna really annoy you, or it's gonna make you smile, because, you know, jeans still out there. but for me, it was just a bit of a disappointment. now, from the off, it's pretty clear that the film shares several similarities with the recently released MCU movie, Captain Marvel. James McAvoy recently said in an interview that the latter part the film was reshot as it was too similar to another property. and it's crystal clear that this is the case. Chastain's character was clearly originally meant to be a scroll, and the refugees in search of a planet to appear as a theme in this film. perhaps, in the ending, the Phoenix rehoused the alien race instead of killing them, and this is why the movie was supposed to have its final act in space. we may never know for definite, but that seems like the most likely conclusion for me. it's sort of a shame that this film was originally supposed to be released in the latter part of 2018, as this would have meant that it seemed more original when compared to Captain Marvel. now overall, whilst I do love the x-men franchise, yes, even the Dead films in it, I feel like Dark Phoenix is a pretty big disappointment. the lack of a true story is evident here. and it's crazy that Fox have once again dropped the ball with such a beloved storyline. I have no idea why they got the guy that wrote The Last Stand to write and direct this, but a guess, in Hollywood, you fail of it's the Stars, characters and fans deserve more from this, and it's definitely a movie that leaves a bitter taste in the mouth. ultimately, this is hard to recommend, and it's probably the most disappointing movie of the air for me, personally, and that's why it gets five out of ten. obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the film. and if you disagree with me and my overall reaction, make sure you comment below and let me know. if you enjoyed this video, then please like it, and make sure you check out my ranking of all the films from worst to best, in the franchise, which will be linked at the end. this is a channel for people who are super into superheroes. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. thanks again for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. and I'll see you next time. take care. peace. [Music] you. [Music]. 