Detective Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain an Indonesian thriller film called, "Marlina the Murderer in Four Acts". Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care. Act One: The Robbery A man on a dirt bike weaves through the fields of the island of Sumba. He makes his way to a lone hut in the middle of nowhere. In this place, the nearest neighboring house is miles away, making it the perfect place to commit a crime. The man on the dirt bike is named Markus, an aged man who is a criminal and a fiend. Markus enters the hut where a young and beautiful woman named Marlina lives. Upon seeing Marlina, Markus asks if her husband is home, and she answers that he will be back soon. Markus immediately knows that she is lying because her husband's corpse is sitting right in the same room they're in. It's unnoticeable at first glance, but from the dark corner, he could be seen, sitting while wrapped in a blanket. Markus must have heard of Marlina's late husband and the beautiful widow he left behind, all with their material possessions. Then, Markus does something that only an evil-hearted man could do: he starts explaining to Marlina the cruel intentions he has for her in a disturbingly calm manner. He will be stealing all of her money and livestock, and soon, more men will arrive, and they will violate her as a group. With his twisted mind, he even implies that Marlina would be lucky to have multiple men at the same time. After demanding Marlina to make them dinner, Markus takes out and plays his prized jungga, a native instrument. In spite of his vile promises, Marlina stoically exits the room and braces herself for the upcoming danger. Later that day, several men come in a truck and another dirt bike. Marlina counts six men in total, including Markus. When the men got off the truck, they ordered a man named "Franz" to inspect the livestock before loading the animals into their truck. Afterwards, four of the men go inside the hut's living room area to meet with Markus. The heartless and disgusting men all discuss how they will violate Marlina as if it were such a trivial thing. Markus then gets up and leaves his friends to take a nap. While listening to their conversation from the next room, Marlina feels a shiver down her spine as they talk about taking turns with her. Still, the fierce and determined Marlina doesn't give in to the fear, and she resolves to survive the night. She enters the living room to join the thugs, who are sitting near her husband's corpse. Most of them barely have the guts to look her in the eye, knowing the evil intent they carried with them. Marlina feigns courtesy and greets them a good evening before entering her room where Markus is staying. Marlina sits by the mirror and pretends to comb her hair while retrieving a wrapped item from the drawer without Markus's notice. Just as Markus demanded earlier, Marlina begins cooking dinner for them. However, the chicken soup she's making has a special ingredient. The wrapped item she retrieved contains a potent and lethally poisonous fruit, and she mixes it with the soup. Suddenly, Franz comes in from the backdoor and sees her cooking the soup. Marlina then steps on the fruit, concealing its existence from her assailants. With Franz asking for a taste, Marlina is about to prepare it for him when one of the men shouts at him for trying to eat ahead. He orders Franz to leave and come back tomorrow instead. Being the newbie of the group, Franz complies. Finally, it's time for dinner. Marlina has prepared several plates for the men, and she serves them chicken soup. Every one of them enjoys the food, and they even compliment Marlina's cooking. All Marlina has to do next is wait, and soon, all four men are lying down on the ground. Now, only Markus is left. With the rest of his crew lying dead in the living room, Marlina brings a plate of the poisoned soup directly to Markus, who's still taking a nap in her room. However, Markus can no longer contain his vile urges, and he ends up dumping the food. He then forces himself on Marlina and starts moving on top of her. When Marlina tries to resist, Markus hits her in the face. Fortunately, she spots Markus\xe2\x80\x99s machete on the bedside table and sees it as a way to free herself, all while the perverted Markus is convinced that Marlina secretly likes what he's doing. While pretending to enjoy what Markus is doing, she skillfully motions herself so that she's on top of him. At the same time, she grabs the machete and hides it behind her. After unsheathing the blade, she swings it at Markus, making the perfect cut to behead him. Afterwards, Marlina takes Markus's instrument and burns it. With everything that happened, Marlina is still in shock, and she sorrowfully leans on her husband's corpse in an attempt to find comfort. Act Two: The Journey Marlina walks the long and winding road with Markus's head dangling from a piece of cloth. Marlina soon meets her friend, Novi. Strangely enough, Novi isn't as shocked as she ought to be when she sees the dangling head. Heavily pregnant, Novi goes on and on about her issues at home. She also explains that she's trying to find her husband, who she fears might be late for their baby's due date. In turn, Marlina tells Novi that she intends to take the head to the police. Finally, the public service truck stops by, and Marlina tries to get on, but the driver refuses for fear of getting in trouble. In response, Marlina takes out her blade and forces the driver to take her. Upon seeing this, the rest of the passengers leave the truck, not wanting to get caught up in anything. Left with no other choice, the driver takes Marlina and Novi to the city. Eventually, the odd group happens upon an elderly woman who stopped right in front of the truck. Despite the driver's warnings, she still gets on. The woman explains that she's in a hurry to get two horses to her nephew, who will use them for a dowry. The woman cares little upon seeing Marlina with the blade against the driver's throat and eventually boards the truck along with the two horses. With her is another young man tending to the animals. The recent addition to their peculiar group starts exchanging stories with Novi despite the oddity of it all. Then, the elderly woman notices that Marlina's getting tired of holding her hand up, so she invites her to the passenger car, assuring her that the driver won't leave. When Marlina enters the passenger car, the errand boy, Ian, asks why she was carrying the severed head. Marlina replies that the head is her prisoner. On their journey, a truck drives past them with two gruff men sitting in front. Marlina sees the truck from afar, and there, she spots Franz. She successfully hides from Franz's gaze, and they're able to pass by safely. Franz and his companion go straight towards Marlina's hut, where they find the bodies of their dead companions. The two men hurriedly go on their way to hunt down Marlina. Meanwhile, Marlina and Novi stop by the side of the road to urinate. Novi goes on and on about her pregnancy experiences while Marlina envisions Markus's headless body playing his little instrument. Here, Novi asks Marlina about the truth, and Marlina explains that she was violated and that she killed the men. Confused, Novi asks why she would report the men in the first place. After all, Marlina will only be incarcerated for a murder she can't defend in court. Novi then invites Marlina to stay with her to keep safe, but she declines. Just then, the two gruff men drive up to Marlina's truck. They pull out their machetes and demand the passengers to reveal Marlina. Novi walks up to them and sends the men in the wrong direction. The men then order all of the passengers to board the truck, and they drive off. With them gone, Marlina spots a horse. She goes to ride it while continually being haunted by the headless Markus. Act Three: The Confession The nearest police station is situated in the middle of a humble village with only a handful of inhabitants. Before arriving there, Marlina finds a box that she could conceal the severed head with. She hitches her horse to a tree, then brings the box with her to a nearby shack that's serving food. With Marlina sat there, a little girl approaches her, asking if she wants to order a plate of their famous satay. Marlina takes a liking to the girl who introduces herself as Topan. Upon hearing the name, Marlina's heart softened as she explains that she was to have a son named Topan, but she lost him to a miscarriage. In turn, Topan shares that she was given a boy's name in hopes that she'd be as strong as one. Smiling, Marlina orders a plate of satay, and she has her lunch while Topay accompanies her. After eating, Marlina leaves the box with the severed head in Topan's care, instructing her not to open it. Marlina then heads to the police station, where she finds the police wasting their time away on table tennis. It takes a while before anyone attends to Marlina because of their table tennis game, but eventually, a policeman takes her report. She hesitates on whether she should tell the whole truth, but she decides against it. The policeman tells Marlina it will take two to three days for them to inspect her house, and it will take a month to have a special check-up with her defilement case. Either way, the police will need evidence for any action to be taken. Realizing that the law won't help her, Marlina returns to the food shack with tears in her eyes. Topan comes by with the box and embraces Marlina, comforting her and telling her not to cry. The kind Topan has Marlina stay in her home for that evening. The two grow close with one another, and Topan tells Marlina that her mother must have been as pretty as she was, hinting that she's an orphan. The following morning, Topan is still asleep when Marlina leaves on her horse, and she brings Markus's head with her. She then picks up her phone to call Novi.  Act Four: The Birth. Back to Novi's group, the truck driver had been killed by the two bandits. The other bandit, Niko, starts shoveling dirt a yard away from the rest of the group. As for Franz, he's guarding Novi, the elderly woman, and Ian. While they're waiting, a scared Novi receives a call from her husband, Umbu. Novi tries to talk to him, but Franz hijacks the call, pretending to be Novi's lover. This angers Novi, and Ian takes advantage of the commotion to overpower Franz. With Franz knocked down, Novi and the rest of the party board the truck, leaving Franz and Niko behind. Furious, Niko punches Franz a couple of times. He then leaves, deciding to quit their operation after having failed more than once. Later, Ian and the woman drop Novi off at her meeting place with Umbu. After they part ways, the husband and wife are reunited. However, Umbu is furious at the phone call he received earlier, and he accuses Novi of having a breech baby. In Indonesian culture, it's a sign of infidelity. This leads to Umbu pushing and hitting Novi several times before leaving her in the middle of nowhere. Unbeknownst to her, Franz has been watching everything from up a small hill. He then approaches Novi and takes her hostage. Since he still has Novi's phone from earlier, he demands that she speak with Marlina. Novi takes the ringing phone to tell Marlina that Franz has her before Franz takes the phone, ordering Marlina to meet them at her house. Franz and Novi arrive there first. The moment Novi steps down from Franz's motorbike, her water breaks, and she's suddenly going into labor. But the poor Novi is left to take some of Marlina's clothes and put them on. Franz and Novi then settle down at Marlina's house while waiting for her arrival. When Franz isn't looking, she makes preparations for the upcoming standoff. Novi retrieves one of the dead men's machetes then hides it away in the kitchen. While there, she finds some of the poisonous fruit still left over. Meanwhile, Franz takes Markus's headless body and positions it in the living room. Now, there are two corpses in Marlina's living room: on one side is her husband and on the other is Markus. After dark, Marlina finally arrives, and she finds Novi and Franz waiting for her. Marlina returns Markus\xe2\x80\x99s head then surrenders her weapon to Franz. In turn, Franz takes the machete before placing Markus's head on top of his body. Novi and Marlina attempt to leave, but Franz orders the two of them to stay. He has Novi cook him dinner in the kitchen while Marlina stays with him. Novi goes inside the kitchen, trying to cook a batch of poisoned chicken soup, but she faces extreme difficulty in doing so as she is about to have her baby. While Novi is boiling the water, she hears Marlina crying for help in the other room. Novi takes the machete that she stashed earlier and barges into Marlina's room, where she finds Franz lying on top of her. Novi swings down the machete on Franz's neck, severely injuring him. Marlina manages to slide away from underneath him, and she holds him down for Novi to deliver the final blow. In the end, Franz is beheaded the same way Markus was. Now that everything's over, the heavily pregnant Novi howls in pain as she slumps down the floor. Marlina immediately assists her, and fortunately, Novi manages to deliver the baby successfully. The two women laugh and embrace one another, knowing that in the end, the two of them prevailed in the cruel world of men. 