welcome. my name is lisa, and now i'm going to talk about mystic river. three boys, jimmy markham, sean devine and dave boyle, play hockey in a boston street in 1975, when dave is kidnapped by two men and sexually abused for four days before managing to escape. 25 years later, the boys are grown in, while they still live in boston, have drifted apart. jimmy is an ex-con running a neighborhood convenience store. sean is a detective with the massachusetts state police. and dave is a blue-collar worker continually haunted by the abduction and rape. jimmy and dave are still neighbors and related by marriage. sean's pregnant wife, lauren has recently left him. she frequently phones him, but never speaks during their calls. jimmy's 19 year old daughter, katie, is secretly dating brendan harris, a boy from a family jimmy despises. brendan and katie are planning to run away together to las vegas. katie goes out for the night with her girlfriends, and dave sees her at a local bar. that night, katie is murdered. and dave comes home bloodied and injured, telling his wife he fought off a mugger and possibly killed him. sean and his partner, sergeant whitey powers, investigate the murder, while jimmy conducts his own investigation using his neighborhood connections. sean discovers that katie apparently recognized her killer, and that the gun used to kill her, a .38 special revolver, was also used in a liquor store robbery in 1984 by just ray harris, the father of brendan. harris has been missing since 1989, but brendan claims he still sends his family 500 every month. brendan also feigns ignorance about rey's gun. whitey suspects dave, who keeps changing the story about how his hand was injured. dave continues to behave strangely, which upsets his wife to the point she leaves their home and tells jimmy. she suspects he might be involved in the murder. jimmy and his friends confront dave. jimmy admits to dave that he killed just ray for implicating jimmy, which resulted in his imprisonment. dave reveals to jimmy that he did kill someone that night, but it was not katie. he beat a child molester to death after finding him with a child prostitute. jimmy does not believe dave and pulls out a knife, but promises to let him live if he confesses to katie's murder. however, when dave admits to killing katie, jimmy kills him and disposes of his body in the adjacent mystic river. meanwhile, brendan, after finding his father's gun missing, confronts his younger brother, silent ray and his friend john o'shea about katie's murder. he beats the two boys, trying to get them to admit their guilt. as jon pulls out just ray's gun and is about to shoot brendan, sean and whitey arrive, having connected a 9-1-1 call to the two boys, disarming and arresting him and silent rey. the next morning, shawn tells jimmy that jon and silent ray confessed to killing katie as part of a prank gone wrong. sean asks jimmy if he has seen dave, because he is wanted for questioning in another case, the murder of a known child molester. a distraught jimmy thanks shawn for finding his daughter's killers, but says, if only you had been a little faster. sean then asks jimmy if he is going to send celeste boyle 500 a month to sean reunites with his wife and his daughter, nora. after apologizing for pushing her away. jimmy goes to his wife, annabeth and confesses. she comforts him and tells him he is a king, and kings always make the right decision. at a town parade, dave's son is sad as he waits for his father. sean sees jimmy and mimics firing a gun with his hand to let jimmy know he is coming for him. as jimmy spreads his arms that he is ready to thank you all for watching. don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell notification for more of these videos. you 