she wanted to steal the pen, but she was very scared. a small camera resembling a fly was looking at her. the machine began to analyze. her eyes widened. her palms were sweating. her breathing became unusually fast. this was the physiological response of people who wanted to do something bad in order to avoid surveillance. the girl pretended to be calm. she dried the sweat from her hands. then she put her hand on the table. the distance from her hand to the teacher's fingerprint pen was only three centimeters. now she took the teacher's pen and put it in her pocket. the monitor began to analyze, but this time it did not detect her. the girl's first crime was successful. this was the technology of the future. to prevent humans from committing crimes, scientists had invented flying cameras which monitor your every movement in 24 hours. so in three years, the omniscient had only had one violation. the girl was nina. she had to take that pen because her father was killed yesterday. when the police came to investigate, they convicted her father committed suicide. the mayor had paid attention to this case. the mayor's assistant also pretended to comfort her, we will do our best. we will definitely find the culprit. but all of this did not make nina feel better. she collapsed and was very indignant. she found the management of the omniscient. she hoped to be able to see her father's surveillance, which perhaps captured the killer. but the management refused. surveillance content of the company was confidential. no one was allowed to see it. she was very angry with this cold-blooded manager. her pupils widened. her blood pressure soared. her breathing was pounding. the mini monitor fully analyzed her mood. she looked at the sculpture beside her, then pushed it. the surveillance machine recorded her committing vandalism. immediately afterwards, on the big screen of the omniscient, all the girl's information was immediately announced. she was fined twelve thousand dollars. i don't have that much money. rules are rules. next time, don't sin anymore. she was very desperate. suddenly, she noticed the surveillance machine flying beside her. she decided to capture the company's secure archives against the city and saw who killed her father. but if she wanted to get into the system of the omniscient. she needed to have fingerprints of senior management. her teacher was a member of the management board. so when he didn't notice, she stole his pen. then she used the fingerprint reader to printed the teacher's fingerprint. when she had a fingerprint, the only problem was the monitoring machine. the next day at school, the teacher mentioned the weak point of the monitor just being disturbed by a strong magnetic field. the monitor would be disabled. when the monitor was disabled, the department generates a new monitors to continue monitoring that target. the time for the two monitoring machines to exchange was four minutes. so where were magnetic fields? nina immediately thought of a wonderful place. she looked at the high voltage electric tubes in front of her, used the cane to pick up the electric tubes and got inside. at that time, the surveillance machine was immediately harassed by electronics and disabled. the new surveillance machine was immediately dispatched, flying around in search of nina's silhouette. in four minutes, nina had to complete a crime because the elevator had a camera, motherboard security of the surveillance system. at this moment, she hesitated. if this time she was arrested, not only would she be fined, but also imprisoned. at the same time, nina's surveillance machine was searching for her figure. nina decided to give up stealing and left the monitoring room. at this point, the boss reappeared. he took nina to his office and said to her, your father was dead. just go home and stay there. the boss ignored her. nina was very angry, but could not do anything. she was too kind. the next day, she ran up to the roof and walked towards the voltage tube. she picked up the cane, hid herself inside and disabled the monitor. then she ran downstairs. she walked towards the surveillance room, took out her fingerprints, took out the security motherboard. when she left, she smiled to greet passersby. she was now very familiar with this task. the security motherboard was encrypted, required a special device to unlock it. nina used her knowledge of physics and science to create a device to open it. in a state of 24-hour surveillance, she had to think about how to install the device on a secure motherboard. she discovered a weak point. again, the monitor reacted to strong light. she covered her eyes with the silk scarf, turned off the table lamp, turned on the extremely bright led the monitor swayed with the support of lights. nina was successful. motherboard had been broken. she was about to find the killer who killed her father. she needed a data transmitter. the transmitter backed up the contents of the security motherboard. this step was very difficult because the data transmitter was locked in the omniscience database. only an administrator could open it. she did not know the administrator. so what should she do? yesterday, when she met a repairman, nina discovered something. when drilling a wall with an electric drill, the system would consider its sabotage. but if you repeated this action many times, the monitor would analyze it into working behavior. seeing this scene, nina smiled. she took out an electric drill and drilled it on the living room wall. she drilled a lot of holes. after that, she went to the omniscience database department. she took out the electric drill, then she even mocked the surveillance machine. i love to drill the wall. she drilled into the data vault. the surveillance machine saw it, but it identified it as a working behavior, not a crime. she finished drilling. she took out the data transmitter. she was about to know the truth of everything. she put everything together, then plugged the transmitter into the tv. she wanted to know who killed her father. she saw her father was walking over to the laundry room, holding the clothes. suddenly, a gunshot sounded. her father fell. this was not suicide at all. the killer was a man she had never met. she uploaded the image of that person to the system. he did not live in the omniscient. it turned out that the omniscient system was not available everywhere. the people living in the omniscient were very safe, but are under surveillance at all times. people living outside of the omniscient were unattended, but were always in danger. nina decided to go outside the omniscient to find the truth. she found the culprit. he did not panic. he was a professional assassin. he could sneak into the omniscient and then killed the person who was ordered. after forcing him to tell everything, nina finally knew who killed her father. nina entered the restaurant. she pulled out her chair and sat down. why did you kill my father? the killer was the mayor's assistant. she sat down and drank wine because his daughter was you turns out she was always secretly watching nina. she knew she was very intelligent and brave. she hired someone to kill her father to force her out. nina thought she had dodged the surveillance, but she did not know that the assistant knew all her actions. she used nina's talents to learn how to avoid surveillance. when nina went to the suburbs looking for the culprit, she stole the security motherboard. now she could control the city of the omniscient. nina was extremely angry. she gripped the knife tightly. wanted to stab this woman. but if she did, she would be judged a crime by the surveillance machine. nina protested, it is your last meal. the first season of the omniscient is over. how will nina take revenge? it will take place in the next season. 