[Music]. hello, and welcome to the greatest movie ever podcast, where we dissect our guests favorite film in all its silver screen cinematic scope. this week I'm joined by Adam Feldman. he's a great battle rapper, and rapper that goes under the pseudonym most prop he famously proposed you in a rap battle, which went viral. he's written numerous blogs across a range of subjects, and in general, he's just an all-around good guy. he's here to discuss the room. how's it going at him? hello, Paul. very, very nice to be here. and thank you for saying nice things about about me. that was nice. and, yeah, I'm, I'm excited. I like, I like talking about doing a lot. and it was actually going to be subjects and when dissertation for film, but then the guy literally sitting next to me said it before me. and also, there's barely anything out there I can then make on it because, well, for these reasons really. yeah. yeah. hello. I must admit, I hate this film. I hope it's good in an ironic way, but I would never put it on to enjoy myself, like a lot of exposure that I've had to it through memes and YouTube compilations. so I'll start by asking, why do you enjoy it so much? okay? so, yeah. and, you know, I am number no illusions. this is a terrible, terrible movie. like, if you're taking a face value, it has almost no merit as a film. so I'm not, you know, I'm not gonna sit here and pretend ironically like it's, you know, an absolute masterpiece. but it's clearly not. the reason I love this movie. and I've been familiar with this movie now for about a decade. and the amount, it's one of those movies that is a shared experience with friends. it's, it really is. if you're watching it on your writing for the first time, or if your exposure to it is just so, you know, I'm scrolling through Facebook and seeing like, top 10 things that are wrong the room, kind of, you know, BuzzFeed montage, that it's just, it, you're not gonna get the full experience of it. and I think because of that, like, communal aspect of it, and the kids in the actual story behind how it came to be, in who told me was I was, and what people don't know about him. and it's, uh, it just has this mystique about it and no other fill my house. yeah, I'm sorry. there's, it's like a huge fun really. and when I was researching it, I found like, the still midnight screenings going on for it around the globe, constantly, like run for so many years in LA. and it's, it has got this massive phenomenon behind there where people just, they'll get a cinema, they'll invite 400 people or whatever, and just have a showing of the room, and everyone will be shouting out, like, joining in with the movie, all the famous quotes. and it is crazy how it has kind of got this community to it. because even the best films of all time, they kind of struggle to get that sort of notoriety where people will happily go along to screenings just for the live experience of it. have you ever been to a screening of it at all? yes. I've been to, I think, three screenings at this point, really. yeah. yeah, since I've been to in London, and one when it came down to Brighton, and I went to see a screening of the disaster artist as well, with, not the movie, but the documentary. okay, breakfast arrow who, who's one of the co-stars in the movie. and, yeah, he didn't. he was there kind of giving a talk about it. and then, yeah, like, there is it such. so he often turns up to these tips as well. so, like, maybe three talks in every 10, he'll be out just answering questions in complete non sequiturs and just just being Tommy was though about it, and I think that, I don't, I couldn't name you any other movie that has had the kind of low-key cultural impact that the greenhouse. and is such an immediate connector between people. like, if you're either, you watch them together, and it's some things you then, quote, backing each other forever. my marriage has at least one line from the river they each day. and that's not, that's more an exaggeration, like a hundred percent, you know. and if you meet someone else is already extinct, however, you're instantly friends. yeah. you get along. it's like that. alright. there's a lot like battle rap. like, you know, if you mentioned, you mentioned Petra to someone who's familiar with new Tetris, like it instantly, like, oh, yeah, how fast for pressure a like, you know, I mean, I know that's going to mean much to preggers, eight means a lot to me, because I did about three run through minutes, and they're exactly that shared experience that. so, do you remember the first time you saw it? yes, I do. so I was at, I was at uni in Sussex. I went down the corner shop Covanta to promote that I knew off hand, and he was telling me about this room that is just this film, this weird, vampiric Belgian guy there's your me. he's not Belgium, but that's what he said at the time. and I was like, and it's just terrible. and it's just people walking in and out of room saying stuff really badly. and, you know, I'm a stick that stuff. anyway, you know, it's, it's just a fact. back then I was looking for ironic appeal, and obviously I found it in space with this movie. yeah. and I sat down with three or four friends from uni and just got drunk, and we watch this movie, and we were just howling all the way for exempt from the first life, in the moment tommy was low, opened his mouth, we just, we, we were just laughing. we watched it again the next day. and then, you know, it really was, it's just this this journey through, like this film can't get any worse, and then it flies away, and then it finds away to play it again. you just, you feel kind of like sad when it's our ball. yeah, that journey when you go through a like, four or five people that close to you, is, is, yeah, you can't really repeat that, definitely. now, normally I sort of do these episodes as a sort of recap, and we go through things and analyze them. but you've seen it a lot more than I have. I've probably watched it about three times in total, so I kind of want to treat this episode as like a quiz, instead of just bashing the movie non-stop. so I'll be throwing questions your way on things I didn't understand. and many fans of my YouTube know I like to do end and explained videos, so I'll be probably stealing all over your words and do Lorne on this. but let's start off, what the hell is the movie about? Adam Wright picked up some plot points, but then some of them that just seemed to go no, like, there's a gun subplot. and some of them just that there's like, a bit where they talk about some guy pissing his pants or something. they're just kind of gone lost of it. there's a, there's a breast-cancer surplus, and that claudette, the mother, has breast cancer, but she never, never really had nothing happens with that. what is a movie about? about, I think, is the so there's two answers to this. they'll ask you a few answers for this, right? it's not a deep and meaningful movie in of itself. he didn't know what the hell he was doing. and so, but, I mean, the general thread is, like, the story is actually pretty basic. the story at face level, his just guys best friend and cheats on his auto, his bird cheating on his best friend, on him with his best friend. and then he sad, he kills himself. is that like, that that in terms of the story? that's in in terms of the things he's exploring? I think for he was kind of any included meaning. like, imagine in the guy that you're looking at with the strike of the air and the weird ruby place, you've got to imagine him slumped over a typewriter, and think like, he's literally store. I'm gonna make a film to try and validate myself, because no one, no one wants anything to do with me creatively. so I'm gonna do this for myself, and I'm going to try, man, every single issue I think is important. so, you know, he said, you know, think all counts. the powerful thing. I'll put that in there. obviously, it goes nowhere, because there was just, he just wasn't planning, ever planning to take those things anyway. he just wanted to give them a shout out. the problem is, he gave them a shout out in terms of, like, things happening. main characters, immunity, pastor, artistic accounted in the book as well, the actors. the place called it kind of questions. it like, right, my carrot has breast cancer, but I don't he's disabled. mentioned again, to just come back, like he's like, nervous a twist. yeah, there's quite a lot of those moments in the film. and then one of the biggest questions for me was, what does the title mean the room? what does it actually mean? like, I don't know, yeah, cuz I thought I found an answer from Tommy was, oh, but I don't know if it's actually, this was reported as something he'd said it was, because many things can happen in a room, some bad, some good. but I don't feel like that's someone's made that up, I think. but I don't know. so, what? no idea like, if you find imagine insane, like, there is no nothing too weird or stupid for him to say. yeah, so what do you think of Tommy was old as a person. why? I know, I don't at the end of the day. I've seen his other stuff as well. I've seen the neighbors, yeah, which is a sitcom that he made after the room, after he'd been told by everyone they found him funny. it is, I did, like, I've seen the room 37 times, where I sat through three quarters, one half-hour episode of the neighbors, and I could have finished it. yeah. I heard that they tried to, like, kind of recapture it, but it was him intentionally trying to be funny, so it sort of lost its appeal. it was quite crunchy, and it was really racist and sexist as well. and I didn't get like, you know, you hear and read a lot, and it's in the disaster. I saw the new t2 as well. he was trying to horrible to lessor onset, like, yeah, well, humiliated her for a body and stuff like, don't actually think he's a good person like this. the agreement that the brute being one of one of my favorite movies is not me saying that Swimming's, Oh, is someone I respect as a nice because everyone approach to me in the beginning through laughing at it. yeah. and I think there was a lot about the actual story at the film specific he liked. the film has a personality of its own at this point. yeah. and I feel like Tommy was always kind of been given life by that, and he's feeding off it. but it's, it's a separate entity to him at this point. and I think, don't worry that that came to be was quite admirable overshare. just the sheer knuckleheaded determination and self or the belief just quite not having a clue what you're doing. it's like, that's, that's like an impressive level of delusion. and that is, yeah, creates. and you create as well, like that, develop dedication and propping it to one side, and losing heart is by I actually, I respect part of how it came to be. yeah. he's sort of completely, like, not self-aware. and it's sort of baffling how he just doesn't get how bad it is. like the disaster artist goes into it quite a bit, but I think the enigma that surrounds him sort of added a lot of the mystique to this. apparently he made his fortune selling coats. and in the disaster artist book, he's described as having a bottomless bank account. so it's kind of strange that he had all these resources behind them. but we've never had like, a clear answer. like, no one really knows his age, where he's from. in this like movie, you could say it's their hero. you could say he's 50. you know, you just can't tell. and and Tommy, from my research, you wanted to make like an oscar movie. and it kind of makes you think, when you're watching it, is there a checklist to making Oscar films that Tommy tried to exploit? and in doing yeah. and he sort of parried as parodies them a bit, like we have suicide, emotional performances, sex scenes, betrayal. it's all very dramatic on the page, but I think the acting so bad that becomes laughable. and even in making the movie, made some really weird choices, like you brought two types of camera and shot on digital and film, which is really weird. you also paid for the cameras instead of just renting them. and the stuff you read about on me sort of like an idiot. but I don't know if he's an idiot or if he's a genius, because he's made so much money off this, like Annie. he's obviously good with money, because he he owns a lot a real estate, and he was quite wealthy before making the room. and it is kind of this how does this guy get by? like mystery that surrounds them, because you can't imagine anyone hiring him to do a normal job. so he was destined to sort of be in the room. but I've asked, what the what the movies about? I've got the plot of the movie, and so I'll read that out for the who might have watched the room. so Johnny's a successful banker who lives in San Francisco with his fiancee, Lisa. is that he showers her with dollars, with gifts and sex in the belly button, which is still not satisfied. she seduces his best friend mark, and the two begin a secret affair. meanwhile, Johnny, having overheard Lisa confessor, infidelity to him, whether called heir attaches a tape recorder to their phone in an attempt to identify another. Danny, a neighboring college student that Johnny financially and emotionally supports, has a run-in with an armed drug dealer called Chris. aw I'm just gonna skip that plot point cuz it doesn't really go anywhere. Danny also, Lutz lusts after Lisa, and confesses this to Johnny, who understands and encourages him to instead pursue one of his classmates from school. Johnny spirals into a mental haze and calls upon Pierre, his and Mark's friend, and the psychologist for help. basically, we just have an affair. there's a surprise birthday party, and one of his friends catches Lisa kissing mark while the other guests are outside, and confronts them about the affair. johnny announces that Lisa, he and Lisa, are expecting a child. now, this was a really weird thing I got caught, yeah, because I'm sure he mentions that they've been expecting it for 18 months or something. but, yeah, that's not pregnancy works really. and it's one of the shaming you thought I mean, it wasn't safe throughout my whole whole movie, just how detached from human conversation he is. yeah, there's, like, you can sort of tell that this very well. the plot finishes basically, Johnny finds out and kills himself. but back to that point you were saying, there's lots of strange and weird idioms that he comes out with and other characters do that make you realize that the script doesn't sell. was written by someone who English was the first language. like, two's great, but three's a crowd instead of two's company. three's a crowd. chocolate is the symbol of love. leave your stupid comments in your pocket. okay, maybe here's a saying then. but it's just weird. and even, like, they loop over each other's lines, and the dubbing so off. it's just crazy that, like, Tommy thought this was good. I just, I just don't get Adam in the I've got the original scripts before editing. okay? and this is before logic was applied. so did the film that you're seeing is after a script suit of, where's that light being? this Chris is just a collection of sentence since basically some one of them is Lisa brings breakfast down to mark and says, here's your coffee and English muffin, and in your mouth. yeah. and it's just, like, the thing is he so he just wanted to make a movie. oh, yeah. he had no, you know, training. he didn't know what he was doing. he literally only made a movie if you wanted to be in a movie, because no one else would put him in a movie because he was terrible. and so as part of that, that's quite like he had known, it's almost like he improvised the whole script, like he just sat there having types, and it was by, yeah, everything he was thinking at the time just went in from almost like this weird stream-of-consciousness thing. and not even like a baby flinch way, where it's always, but it's like you can sort of seen a string of thoughts that's going on behind it, and then, yeah, it'll just come out. and he's really gobble ways, because he's just, he's not only, you know, getting by in a language that clearly isn't his own machinee. he always tells people he's from New Orleans. he doesn't hear his accent. he doesn't peek out, like I genuinely think he has had some kind of head injury. and it's not like apologizes his weirdness. just like I love lent you weird people. I don't plenty people to, you know, communicate maybe to the L side world. there's nothing wrong with them. they're just weird. there is, there is something like Disney retain jurisdiction, or about in and I think the weird barbels sort of idiom speak. yeah, it's a symptom of a second language, but also, he doesn't know it's the second language, so he genuinely just hears this stuff and thinks it's what people say. yeah. and I don't know, I just turns of phrase, but there lot of things that are slightly wrong. you know, that's why I read your, your Twitter a lot, because you do a lot of like, dirt speak and whatever. I love all that. so, like, when, when this is coming up, it's almost like, if it to me and had written that on purpose for, like, a, for at like character, it would be hilarious. yeah, definitely. yeah, I can totally see the appeal in that. and you are, like, it is very clear that there is one vision behind this. like he's doing the script, the directing, the editing. what happens is, like, this is an example of when full creative controls given to someone who doesn't really know what they're doing. like, there's people like Stanley Kubrick who could easily write the script, director, edit it. but Tommy was always just not accepting that. like, apparently he fired the whole crew, originally fired quail. I read somewhere that the guy who plays Marc am Greg, he wasn't the original actor, and, you know, fired. and there was reports that actors even tried every word line so they made sense. but Tommy would catch them and tell them to do what he'd written. and it's sort of a very domineering view of the project, to its detriment. but in a way, it makes it better. because if this was just a mediocre movie, you wouldn't have the reputation that it does, not so, and I think, when I say, actually with the marketing as well. he didn't just have, like, replaced the original mark. he was filming, director stero scenes in the secret so he was, he was filming, took a scene with the old mark, and then he he was amazing the editing a secret movie with Greg Sestero him, yes, like the guy that was the domineering set stuff. I Michael, you know, you seen the professor, right? and you read about it as well, like it's, he created a horrible atmosphere and saved unsafe, you know? I mean, ridiculously hot with no war. it was kind of an director, as in, a complete director Lapointe um. you know, he really didn't know what he was doing. but it's almost like, by the people now, what must be getting mad royalties from the room. anyways, so they've been, they now won't regret their experience in it. but, yeah, and the actual is one of those experiments that would have had to happen, like, by some person who too much money and too much time on their hands and a warped sense of humor, like giving money to someone they knew could it make a movie, and asking them to make a movies like that. it's the kind of thing that would have had to be an active choice somewhere down the line. but because it happens just organically, even it's just some guy who had loads of money and decided to do it himself, it's like an experiment that says, self up. and no one needed to actually kind of engineer a situation they didn't have to happen. obviously, if I'm talking about someone solving that having all that power, it doesn't, that's already happen. why the means that it did for the group? yeah, this is so like, a really weird, surreal element to it as well, to me, is one of the other reasons that's so popular, like, unnoticed today. like when he's on, and this is the first time I noticed a boy, it's, it's, once you see it, it's completely obvious. like when he walks out, he does, oh, hi, mark the the shed bit that he walks out of, it, it's literally on the edge of the roof. so there's no way that you could go up the stairs in there like that. that room couldn't have a staircase in it. and it feels very sort of, there's a lot of overly manufactured sections, like the green screen backgrounds, where they've clearly spent a lot of time, and some of the sets themselves, but there's no sort of thought process to it that they don't use makeup on on them sets, which, like, if people don't know, like, skin tones just don't look good on film. you have to use makeup a lot of the time in the sorbets, an attention to detail that is really missing from it. and it makes the movie itself sort of have this weird atmosphere to are almost the sort of something above it, like when we were doing the shining for early earlier in this podcast, I saw, so I've noticed with that film that things just don't seem right and out. there's like a slight out of place thing about them. like a lot of the rooms in the shining, if you were to draw a map of the hotel from above, the rooms couldn't exist, because they saw overlap each other and go around corners. and there's a lot of that in this movie. and it sort of makes, I don't know, the like, have you seen hereditary? I read it reads like a horror movie, where this sort of, like, sort of overtone of things going wrong. and and I sort of feel that in this movie as well when I'm watching it, this sort of a sense over the top of it that there's something heading hidden in the subtext that makes it really unnerving. like Danny, the relationship that he has with Johnny, it's really weird and strange and sort of, and those are the things like timewise it all seems kind of off of there's one day in the film, we're about 70 different things happen in the one day, and none of those things could happen in that time scale, but they just keep happening and happening and happening, the scene on top of scene. and I thought, it's just really weird watching it, like, you do get this feeling like, yeah, there's something, this is like hell, but people just don't realize they're in hell. it's just a never-ending day of nightmares. yeah, in his tool shed, when the best theories heard is that Denny is actually a catch, right? okay, if I don't like, obviously, every watched it since and like, yeah. because if you just forget he's talking, and what what he's actually doing, the way he's sitting were, like, jumping on the bed with them. and like, yeah, convincingly. could be just Tommy with those interpretation they were cat like, yeah, someone like David Lynch or Charlie Kaufman made this, maybe on purpose, frame to frame, exactly the same performances, script, everything the same. but how Charlie Kaufman's may want it instead of Tommy Rizzo, it would be total work of surreal, subversive genius the people would be trying to read into it. the only difference is that these decisions weren't illiterate. so it's a complete and, but they're there. so there is so much that's wrong with the room, with with every throat, like they're there, those pictures of spoons. yeah. you can almost like he thought that there's a lot of like, oh, the audience won't know that. like when you read in the disaster, right? it's like the audience felt like they stupid. so it's basically him telling the audience they're stupid. and sort of like showing up, not obviously, not consciously, but in doing that, in making a film where he is literally, as the sole creator of the film, thought, people are so stupid that I don't I can just have pictures of spoons in the background, yeah. and everyone in the movie is so stupid, and he's pretty stupid. and it's just this like massive expose of just, like, compounding idiocy that is, just because of the way this movie damn your life, it just makes the story that much more stupid. and like, it's kind of having the audience for laughing at themselves, way, like you used to work on easy. and I think that's actually really appropriate, because it is like, weird friction with, like, we're laughing at this guy, but we're having a good time. like, what's like, like, it's all of that friction at once, and, like you say, uneasy. and I think that is absolutely the right approach, because I think storytelling should be uneasy. and often it's quite, you know, very in structure by leading me through this emotion and that emotion, and this is how I'm making me feel uneasy and cranking up the tension and whatever. but because, because it's the way, the story behind the room, and because it's essentially one of these different types of idiocy, so I'm rubbing up against each other, creating a really unique kind of tension that you just, I don't think you getting any other filming on purpose or by accident. yeah. and that tension, it doesn't provide the story, cuz the story's pointless, but it's part of driving that friction and that tension where you've got, like, Tommy was low, didn't mean to make this movie, but I'm having such a good time, but I'm laughing at him, but he's terrible. but, yeah, so you've got all of these different, like intentions they're going to get had it. and it's like that friction is create a very different way for any other movie I've seen, definitely haven't. there's weird thing about it is, there's quite a lot of sex scenes in it. and these off, when you watch, like your top 10 weirdest things about the room, these don't really get put there, but there's so many early on. and it's kind of creepy. like Lisa seduces Mark at some point, and the music's really weird. and it's just, I don't know, it's sort of like a nightmare. like even the couple who want to have sex in their apartment, and it just seems like sex is put in there for the sake of it. I could pass it off as a softcore porno at points, like the whole belly button thing, famously, where Johnny sort of humming a belly button. it's just really weird, I think. so this all goes back to imagining him home stays with sighs. Maria, I think he like, bought like three books on how I'll make a film. like, I know how the write a story, Howard director film, and how to sell a film. I feel like he's got those three guide books and sat down and for how do I get these as the monthly as possible into this movie without making it seem stupid? obviously he didn't know that what he was making the stupid, but seeing the sex scenes almost feel like he read a thing that said, you know, I need the sex to sell this movie. and here you go, five minutes of it within the first seven yeah. so it, it's part of that. I mean, it's terrible. and the fact that he had to use one of the scenes twice as well, yeah, it's like this that's bad to me, is one of the meta moment sort of thing, the mess of things about the movie, where it's like you're not watching the movie, you're watching a guy go, is anything there? so how do I make it look like she didn't want to have said, chick me again? yeah, just the like that the mole in the aspect of just just is strangely, oh, man, thinking this up. and it's, I know, it's like, the obvious sad downside of a is that the actress, Juliet Danielle, just had a horrible Simon set. yeah, you know, it was, it was really bad. that's part of as well. I'm really uncomfortable with about for me was his, his attitude to women and and also the complete lack of anyone. there isn't boy in the movie. it like there's weird elements to his personality, though, I'm just, I wouldn't hang around with someone like him, if, you know, the sex scenes apart that. and I also think they feed this kind of weird narrative behind the movie without even really having this say anything. like, you didn't, you didn't need to read anything about the disaster eyes to know exactly why those scenes were so awkward. yeah, it sort of reminds me a bit of Bioshock, a bit, like this world is sort of Tommy's like utopia. but it's just so, so, it's like, even when he walks into the flower shop and the owners like, I didn't recognize you. and this guy looks like, he looks like Michael Jackson cross with Slenderman, and there's no way in hell now you wouldn't see him a mile off. and, but it's like, hi doggy. you're my favorite customer. it just so, really weird. it's like everyone's like, on drugs. like, what the perfect world. and tell me what those eyes would be like, yeah. it's just really, women are really portrayed badly in this light. there's no like Claudette, who's the manipulative mother Tilly search. she's really weird. she wants Lisa to marry Johnny, but she's just a piece of really, and she makes that these grand statements, but they're also a very shallow, like the breast cancer thing she serves, like the way she delivers the oh, I've got breast cancer, she doesn't even seem lectures that bothered that she has breast cancer. she just kind of drops it in like, oh, I had a quiche for lunch. it's really weird. and Lisa wants to have an affair one second, but then she loves Johnny the next. and I just, I just so got it. I don't know what's happening at screenings when when Lisa said anything like, women changed their mind all the time, the whole audience shouts out, it's cause you're a woman. everyone is aware of the treatment and women of this movie, but almost like a kind of narrow-minded if he yeah. so Lisa's termination. and like, because of the lack of talent, it's like this, let me say, he's built this utopia for himself. and it's like a few inside the head of someone where all of my husband himself, it's led the Malkovich Malkovich world in Being John Malkovich, like, you know, he's got its perfect world, but everyone loves them, and, you know, women don't really matter, or in everyone's way. and it's like, that's why it's uncomfortable or be there. but it's just that unfiltered view inside this, like, kind of bigoted guys heads, em it's like this way, it's uncomfortable. and like, you know, and I even feel uncomfortable saying I'm as fond of the movie as I am. but yes, every everyone, like, because of that ironic distance that you have from it, from beginning, it feels safe to enjoy watching it. I feel really invested in the story. you'd be like, hang on a second. and why actually a massive woman-hating racist, yeah, laughing at how bad it is misogyny and kind of lack of diversity, sort of audience about laughing at this when you actually, you start to look at the human parts of him, like the determination and the actual, you know, the the fact that he's lonely. well, I'm not surprised that he's lonely, really, yeah. it doesn't get better. like, I just love that we're getting unfiltered view, like, not times at the studio. I'm not handle did anyone that would make it make any sense into just the head of some weather we never want to me. yeah, definitely. and Lisa saw is the villain of the piece, really. like, she gets drunk. no, she gets Johnny drugged. sorry, on what does he drink? say, somewhere. is it a hot chocolate whiskey? yeah, it's really, really weird, like something you would never drink. but anyway, so she gets him drunk and then frames him for hitting her. but why did she need a get him drunk just to say that he hit her? like anyway, would know he didn't hit her, anyway, because he did not. sorry. that's my Tommy, who was all impression for the pod, the podcast. everyone's got one. but anyway, mark tells, he goes up to the roof, and mark tells him this story about this girl that got beat up. and he just laughs about it and goes, wow, what a story. and then he goes, I'm so, I'm so lucky to have you as my best friend, and I love Lisa so much. and it's this constant jumping back and forth between character emotions that I think just, it's so jarring, and it's, it is crazy that no one stepped in and just said, look, stop this. it's weird. and then to make it even weirder, Danny comes up, and he just wants to play football 24/7. oh, yeah, yeah. and he talks about love and Lisa, and Jonny's explaining how she loves him back. but it's like, if he was suspecting his future wife, as he calls her, of cheating on someone, cheating with someone, why isn't Denny like the first in the firing line when he's coming up in that min that he loves her? and you you would think that that's, like, you think they would all come to a head, and that would be like a plot point where Johnny starts to suspect Danny, and they, they lose their friendship because of it, and then he finds out it's mark. but it just doesn't really go anywhere. I mean, the weirdest character in it, you feel, so he's in a different movie completely to everyone else you saw. I've got this whole he's in love with Johnny and in love with Lisa. he's like the third person in their relationship. and, yeah, I just, I just don't get it. Bobby's, he's almost dead, because there is no one else in the movie that Johnny could realistically show that he's actually a nice person, that you can show that you're a someone's a good partner in a movie, or romantic or whatever. but, you know, they it's trying to show that, like, in this weird little Tommy Wiseau utopia, not only does everyone loved him, he actually deserves it as well. Denny could. he's funding Denny's way through college. and doing they make so many points of like, you know, always paying him through college. always like, his dad, oh, he's, you know, they're like, well, more and more. and it's like, then he has this little tote and Johnny, and therefore Tommy with those overriding goodness, and which is why he doesn't make much sense as a character, because he was never for others of character. the drug thing makes absolutely no sense. yeah, you know, it certainly is. very little of - he happens to or as a result of Denny that will have any impact on the movie. the only, the only bit he's in that really matters is when he's upset because Johnny's dead. but again, he's caught like he's just there to show the people would be upset if Johnny's clash tommy was what they're why this whole movie just feels like a cry for help. yeah, did right. here's a theory. foot. does Mark have superpowers? because very busy. yeah. and there's that guy who they're chucking the football about, and Mark barely touches him when he's talking about underwear, and he goes flying in the bins, like, goes flying across the room. it's like, why were unwilling that? he's got one hell of a temper, because he nearly throws that guy off the building when he's accused of having an affair with Lisa. what do you think of Mark in the story? because I know everyone tends to talk about John and Tommy, but what about mark? what are his dreams? did does mark have dreams? I don't even know what his job is. yes, I've seen it 38 times. I couldn't tell you what marks about. often looking hunky and the hating women who then get beat up and put in hospital. Juan Guerrero Street. yeah, I don't like, again, like, I don't really know what any character in this movie once. I don't think tommy was only knows what people want. and I think he's like, he comes, you know, he's very paranoid. and you read a lot, and you stay in interviews as well, isn't like being asked about himself. he doesn't, he doesn't know what people want. so none of these characters want anything. they're just, they're sort of milling around mark mark still. if they spike, I don't know. he's not got superpowers, like they were, like, tommy was always talking about having vampires in the movie at one point. well, no, I don't know if that's like a little aftershock of that where they took out the squid, but I honestly think that Tommy was like, right, we have to have an amusing scene. now, they're talking about wonder underwear, which is intrinsically funny, as we all know. so they're like, you know, this conversation, get that, man. it's quite old. it's embarrassing. stories and more people. and Tommy was, I didn't really know how it works, about that scene into a punch line, saying he had to have someone falling over. but there wasn't really a reason to have someone fall over. he just kind of needed the scene. said, yeah. so just barely touches him, and then he goes flying. and then he picks them up and they leave. there's no discernible reason. what happens? yeah. and then they got the tuxedos, the lovely tuxedo, see ya. and they decide to go play football in them for some reason. I don't, I I don't know what. what? what the hell's going on? and weren't there. so the accountant, is it psychiatrist or someone? he's got glasses so easy. he's got a good job. anyway, and he falls over. they all kind of pile on in a quite at home heroic way. and then they have this gathering to announce the big, the big baby. and another thing, like Tommy's with Johnny, the Tommy and Johnny are the same person, anyway, but he's had this type of Lisa cheating for a while, but he hasn't listened to it for confirmation till now. yeah. so anyway, finds, oh, and he kills himself at the end. and like, I think by like, xx viewing or something, he sort of learn to step back and look, it's just a guy, like, imagine, right, in a battle, right? and you're trying to do like, 50 different angles or whatever, and you're like trying to say everything, but like, when you're in an experienced battle, you don't really know how to register down. see? well, I mean, you did, but you were actually good. when it's like, and it's like that. it's like these loose ends that kind of aren't fulfilled, and it's just, it, I don't know, it's, so, it's just an exterior that's part one of the maddening parts of the movie. and I think if there were like 30% of them, it would just mean the movie wasn't enjoyable. labyrinth of lost ends. it's like it's just each what if each one becomes a better joke as it goes along? yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, yeah, it is sort of this quite, I know we kind of have went off a bit and got quite dark on it, but it is quite a fun film to watch. and I can imagine with people, III, didn't watch it with anyone, but I just sort of, every couple of minutes like her, and just sort of them, shaking my head a bit with a smile, on my face, um. but this ending, it, it's very dark. it reminds me of what we used to do before a school play, when we said to our final project in drama at school. everyone's project was about someone cheating and then someone committing suicide. and so he puts the gun in his mouth, bang. he falls back. ELISA runs up and asks if he's dead, which is like, yeah, he just shot himself in the head. she then, I don't really get this dynamic, like she wants to, she saw it, says to mark, he's dead, when we can be together? but she's also devastated that he's dead. and then marked as the famous, get out of my life you Danny, runs in, they go, he's in a better place days. is so sad. and then the police sirens go off, and it's the end. yeah. what are your final thoughts on the film? well, it's like, I am literally about to sit down with one of my colleagues from work and introduce them to the room. yeah, first time light is something, it will always be, for me, a way of, like, gauging someone sense of humor. and like, yeah, like, as you say, we've got pretty dark on it. and like, yeah, kinda wish we'd went more fun with it and be honest. but, yeah, those things, I know. I mean, like, I love it, but like, again, it's the page 38 playing tonight, like, I'm kind of past the point in seeing as this, like, haha. this boy made a think, there's so much slip up. think there's so much slip up out there, right? any film could any at any fly and replaced that as the worst movie of all time if they wanted to. why? it's like, you still about to step back and and like, appreciate why this happened, but they're so rare that, like, so many strangers pull together over something so relentlessly, relentlessly stupid and misguided. but, yeah, stupid and misguided, but, yeah. and it's, I'll tell you what, watching the disaster is kind of stare at Peter Cole, mostly because I've always been like, maybe stuff, like, I'm not, I'm better now, but, like, I've always, like, made stuff has been deliberately because I found it funny. yeah, buddy. it actually made me like, think, it's voice about what it is to make something good or bad, like, what's behind it, like it. and I think if you make something with sincerity, that's just that's all that can be asked. and this film was made with like 400% sincerity. he wanted this film to exist so bad. it just feels wrong to begrudge him it. you know, no, it's, it will, it will always be like something I left we were friends. but, yeah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry it wasn't this whimsical which you expected. okay. appreciate it. reflective on it, though you liked it. did Joe genuinely get feels at the end of that movie? yeah, but I think it works great as a piece of what not to do. like, literally everything in it you could take to a film student, we right, right. don't do this. don't do this. and it's gonna massively influence their decisions in the future. obviously, it's got a huge following and is an attaining it's just so baffling how it got made. it's a, it really is like a once in a blue moon film that just had so many bad things come together to make it this masterpiece. and the world is probably a better place for it. I think. I wouldn't know. approximately 80% of my friends group, its words in the ring by honestly, from the last 10 years, most to I ever had to watch the read at some point or had already seen it. like, it's just that movie. but that's what I mean, that's why it still does midnight screenings. but there is no independent, truly independent film that has made as much back Ottomans investment, right? yeah, than to pure financial success. why hiss, Bobby? like, you've got a look at that as one of the best successes of all time as well, even I wasn't quite traditional means, or because it did it on their it, it's still kind of like half of that. I respect that a lot. so, it's, I'm just looking now to see how much the rooms gross in total. there's lots of different and Hort they have final figures, they still don't know. yeah, this roughly said, anywhere between seven million and thirty million dollars, which is good. so it's, it's definitely made Tommy, who financed it all, more of a multi-millionaire than he already was. so, you know, it just goes to show sometimes when you go after your dreams, if you persistent and you put your heart into it, they can come true. that is literally it like that. I know that's a really, like, cheesy thing to say. but that is initially what happened. and like, he doesn't, he's not like some super gifted kids, or, you know, he is literally an idiot, yeah, an idiot with money. or, like the other morold story is, be an idiot with money, and then you can do pretty much wherever you want. yeah. which is always a nice thing to end on. it's a metal of hope by everyone view is back in your pocket and warmed them, exactly. so before we say goodbye, to have anything you want to promote and get people to check out? yes, please. these guys can go to Salman Khan camp calm. that's where all my music lives. I've got a new album drop in on the 29th of November, and it's got people like Professor elemental on it and Adam the rapper. and they're, they're good at rapping. and I've got battle with O'Shea dropping very soon as well. so watch out for that. and, yeah, gone. what's the room with some friends, preferably drunk. and, yeah, and, yeah, I don't have any friends, so I can't, I can't do that. but thanks for stopping by, and make sure you subscribe. listeners. our next episode, right we're going to be covering the thing with Theo. came from slime house TV. it's one of my favorite movies. so definitely keep an eye out for it. and thanks again. Adam. I've been speaking to you, and I've grown a new appreciation, yeah, I've grown a new appreciation for this phone, and I hope the listeners have - um. so I'll see you around. take care, much love. goodbye. goodbye. 