this is the apartment building beth and i bought last year. it's where i found my biological father. i've spoken to colleagues who've had success with ivf at your weight, realistically, there's about a 90 chance of failure here. her background is complicated. she will break you, kevin. you're here. you've been on the antidepressant, how long? uh, six years. it's possible they're causing the decreased sperm count. i don't like talking about the war, but i like talking to you. why would you take that risk? because i want to. i want to look at the baby in his face, and i want it. i want to see toby. i want to see myself. i want to see, i want to say, dad. [Music]. she said she was the only one who could pass on a piece of that. how in the hell can i know so little about my dad's time in vietnam? i got back from vietnam not too long ago. i had a brother. he died in the war. father's a veteran. he served in vietnam. did he see combat? i don't know. some of these men have to still be alive. we can find them, see if they know your dad's story. don't worry nikki. i'm not going anywhere. [Music], i'm not going anywhere. sorry. no, why doesn't somebody call the city or parks and rec fix this place up? the city doesn't care about our problems. but if you think you can do better, talk to councilman. there's no easy way to say this. we have to let you go. i take medication for depression. without it, life gets pretty scary. kate's never seen me that way, though. i hope she never asked you, if this councilman won't do his job, then maybe i can. i think i'm gonna run against him. i got fired today. randall, how you feeling fine. did we get any eggs? we got eight. i'm randall pearson, and i'm running for councilman for the 12th district. you are not from here, honey. go home. jack, kanye wanted everything from that war behind him. but who's to say he wouldn't have wanted you to know his story. it worked, baby. big brothers look out for their little brothers. it's their only job. that is a visa application for a trip to vietnam. i'm gonna go to the place where my dad last served. i'm gonna track down that woman, and i'm gonna figure out my dad's story. vietnam, huh? do you want to go? yeah, you all right? i want to enlist doc. i need to be there with him. hey, little brother, do you want to go on a drive? where do you want to go? los angeles. yeah, yeah, yeah. let's go to los angeles. join my campaign. you swear, this is not a pity job. i wouldn't dare offer you a petty job. i came here for my brother. i was hoping to take him back with me. should've left me to ride. hey, miranda, uh, jesse. nice to meet you. jason. you know randall is the one running against me for city council. so how many voters registered? about 200. ah, you only need around, uh, 20 000 more. the ivf worked. i'm pregnant. he gave me her necklace, right? that means something. i'm gonna go to vietnam, and i'm gonna figure out my dad's story. pretty soon you're gonna have your first boyfriend or girlfriend, or a girlfriend. i went to a database for the war memorial nicholas pearson. he might be dead, but he didn't die here in vietnam. you've always said that you wanted to finish school. i think the time is now. oh, my god, it's a boy. you're not gonna win this one. randall the numbers aren't there. you told me that if at any point i wasn't on board with you running, you would stop. i am no longer on board with you running. i had a brother. you died in the woods. you could be nice to them all you want, jack, but they're not just women and children. they're the enemy. jack, last one. ck, my dad knew nikki was alive. well, there's a return address bradford, pennsylvania. like i didn't tell you the truth about where i went today. i went to see someone, someone that i'd known from the war. nicholas pearson, our dad told us you died in vietnam. he should never have come for me. you've been having a roof go with things lately, mostly because of something bad that happened there. something he did. that's no way to live, huh? all messed up living alone for 40 some odd years. i can't leave him like that, dude. you know, there are people that you can talk to clean up. why didn't i ask him more? i want the truth. listen, [Music], this is beth pearson. i was checking to see if you got the resume, but i hadn't heard anything. so if you could, uh, call me back, my mom heard a damn hip again. she okay, yeah. i just hoped she didn't break it again. um, i gotta head down to dc. of course, when now, boss bail couldn't rave about you more. that must have been hard parting ways. yeah, sorry. it's still a little raw. i take office in the next few weeks, and god only knows what kind of effect that's going to have on my family. i'm ready to tell you what i want to do next. i want to teach randall. it's a struggle for me to get out of bed every morning. it takes every single ounce of energy that i have. and then i have nothing left for the rest of the day. nothing. kevin is newly sober, just like his father, and he's had a really tough year. but i know that you're in there when you open the door. the nikki thing, it messed me up a little bit, and i had a drink. i was just wondering if maybe we should put a pin in your being a dance teacher. so you get to have your dream, and i'm just supposed to quit my kevin, i know that you toby. it's me. listen. i'm in the car with kate, and, uh, i really think we should call an ambulance because i've been drinking all day. okay, that shot that they gave you, it's working. this delayed your labor 10 hours so far. i don't need hours, kev. i need weeks. it's not that i don't want you to do what you love. i'm just saying, if we're gonna get child care, it's the cost of that child care greater than or equal to what we'd be bringing in. you mean, what i'd be bringing in all day? i thought i had it under control. i don't think i can do this without you. zoe, his, uh, water bottle was full of vodka. baby, this one is not like a regular because he's not. when i thought you weren't coming, i left your voicemail. you mean, the one where you belittled me and told me to grow the hell up. you know what, randall, you still have that cot at your office. you should go sleep on it. it's about relocating out to california, you know, to be there for kate, to help out with the baby. our kid was 12 weeks early, two and a half pounds. he's hooked up to all those ivs and machines for the past 20 years. i have stood by your side through every flight of fancy. then for the first time, the first time, i have a flight of fancy. and i am not going to give that up. if having kids is something you need to make your life complete, you have to tell me, if i have to choose between a life with you and a life with kids, it's no contest. i choose you. it's time to go see it, tess. i'm not ready. oh, do you bring the pin to tail and a donkey from my office? thank you. i promised i'd bring it. we're all going to see randall's mother. [Music], i'm fine. my arm really hurts though. yeah. blood oxygen levels are steady. his lungs are functioning well without the ventilator. give him a little tap. okay. it startles him just a little to remind him to breathe. well. thank you so much for picking them up, of course. yeah. let me know if you knew anything else. i lived in this house for eight months when my mom was in rehab. nobody ever wanted that house because most people don't win. randy, you won the lottery. you won it twice, once when you got adopted and again when you met ben. i know my swearing-in is coming up, but i need to ask you something. what? what do you mean resigned, like from city council? if i decided i could go through with accepting the position. my mom didn't want kids at first either. is that right? mm-hmm. because all i'm saying is, i think sometimes, you know, people think they know what they want, but then time goes by, and things just stay change. i think you'll really love philly. let's go see some places. you know exactly what to do today. you always know exactly what to do. i want you to be here for me, but even more for jack. you want to be a dad. maybe not now, but someday. but i don't want that. you see, my wife, she's, she's the engine and the rest of us, but we're useless without the engine. i'm going to resign. but zion randall, we're moving to philadelphia, and i won't let you give up on your dream. i'm not giving up on my dream. i'm gonna open my own dance studio in philly. we don't work when we're apart. together, we set the world on fire. [Music], hey, thanks for calling. oh, hey, uncle randall. thank you. hey, where's your dad? classic kevin. [Music], okay, you 