move forward again. let me start by saying Santa Claus don't really conquer in this movie. and the title misleads one into believing he busts up in the Maas would do battle axes and an army of elves. but bear with me, because this movies funny as hell. the stars of our movie today, ah, oh, hell. I don't know not these bits. play house tour begins with these little, brain-dead Martian booger eaters. look, I ain't being mean, but you can clearly see that these children right here enjoy an occasional Martian booger, but they just do what normal children do. they watching a screen, being mindless. ain't no shame in it, except, oh, they watch the screens from Earth. what the hell is wrong with these children? don't they know that we here on earth are trying to escape? I'm reopening a news app if you got one. earth ain't all that. but they're Martian. Papa kima, which is short for King Martian, here's a bit disturbed by the fact that his children are enjoying this exotic, alien entertainment. and then their Martian mama mama, which is short for mom, Martian, comes home with dinner. whoa. look at this. no wonder they children eat a bogles. kemar tells mama that their little rugrat schema, which means girl Martian, and Bomar, which means boy Martian. okay, pause. for some time I have been attempting to choose the names of my future children. and I've always wanted one boy and one girl. this movie has helped me decide the proper naming formula. my children shall henceforth be christened birth and birth at birth. okay, keep rollin. sookie mouth goes to some old sage who tells them that they children up up because they have been plugged in their whole damn lives and never got to enjoy being kids. but on Mars, they gave them real information in knowledge instead of the Big Bang Theory, you know, where they use a smart name to make the mindless viewless think they intelligent, and that's why they smart, and our children dumb as hell. the sage says, what they children need is a Santa Claus. so kemar decides to go to earth and steal arms and said, they don't get how we roll. see, when we obsessed with something on earth, we dress up like it and try to make it sound like it ain't lame by calling it cosplay. I mean, imagine if they was looking for Elvis in 1989 and landing in Hawaii, and then found out that child's name was Bruno Mars. think of miles, they got a Bruno Earth. so anyway, while they owned that way to steal our jolly old sink bit, this one bit on the trip is like, damn. look down there, yes, and he just won't see us blown up. but chemo is like, no, we ain't want to destroy them. we just want to steal they funsies. what flying in our sky? bet you thought deploy the troops. we run this much. I mean, it's but it's out there. so to help them find the real senses, they kidnapped two little earth children, let's just call them birth and birth. and that cold-hearted motion is like, is this what you want to do to our children on miles? turn them into nincompoops like these? he has a point. so this evil one, his name is voldar, is instructed by kima to stay the hell away from those little bits. and in voldar more follows them. anyway, i think he up to no good. oh lord, it's a bumble. and then a big aluminum bug-out robot, danger, turmoil and health hazards running amok in this movie. but key my kitchens buh da morte in the middle of his evil deeds, and he's like, kemar, you salt and you need a girl hair. damn. that's a double here, donkey miles, manliness. but they get sent on the ship, and I know he's gonna be relieved when he gets to Mars, where there's less gravity, and it will be easier on his, Oh, back, to support that enormous good and Nestle's like, we got to take note of get some miles. but funk, all that. we going to get our sander, what? soft and green, and you put it on a stick and roast it. Omar should mellow. Oh, Lord. y'all know I didn't write this. it came straight from this movie, and I claim no responsibility for it. Hey, look, Lowell, da marked, he's trying to kill them again. fight. fight. yeah. now we're talking put sense and bursting earth. survived by squeezing through the air duct. and key mas like, how when your butt is so wide and sounds like, oh, oh, ho, bet I'll squeeze my badonk through many of difficult situations. in fact, I've made a career of it. you see, my name is actually Santa Kardashian. back on malls, kimahri MoMA, meet Santa and our children. G Mambo mami. girth and birth and a ho ho oh and a ha, ha, ha. so Santa gets a new toy factory, and sin are all sad about the automation that threatens his job. and he just sit there thinking about how someday he's gonna have to retire Rudolph to replace his glory with a drone. so later, Voldemort killjoys appetizers the whole damn Factory so that all the swag come out looking like an island of misfit toys. and a kidnapped dropo chemos buddy, because he dig in the cosplay. and what the [ __ ] is wrong with these mountains? he still got the mush and intent on his damn head, and they still can't tell us they own homee in Santa's drag see, look at his dolls coming out bone into the wrong bodies. baseball bat front like it played tennis. and I don't even want to know what that train is doing? probably something perverted. fight. fight this. Santa fixes the machine and bold I'm alt busting on Santa's pipe smoking session. just as the children attack He Who Shall Not Be Named, with an onslaught of toys which he cannot escape hold of violence. and Voldemort and his cronies are arrested. drop over comes Santa Claus miles edition, Santa miles for short, in the girls and birth. heavily returned our big dumb ball. yeah, it's a dung ball, but it's our dung ball to end. so what happened to Nestle? did they make it two miles? and now be sure to LIKE, share and subscribe for your regular gift of meth. you can expect me to upload videos just about whenever I want. for movies explained fall, I'm Jeb. oh, damn, damn. that movie was terrible. and still better than the Avengers 