[Music]. welcome to the heavy spoilers show. I'm your host, definition and this episode, were breaking down the Little Mermaid's worst nightmare, underwater. throughout this video, we'll be discussing the ins and outs of the movie, as well as its ending and how it teases a sequel. there will be heavy spoilers here itself. II, don't anything runed, and I highly suggest that you turn off now. make sure you subscribe to the channel for breakdowns like this every day. and without the way, I just want to give a huge thank you for clicking this video. now let's get into our breakdown of underwater. underwater follows the doomed crew of the Kepler 8 to 2 station, a team tasked by conglomerate t in industries to drill for resources in the Mariana Trench. if you've seen alien life, or a handful of other sci-fi horror movies of the same ilk, then from the off, you know what to expect. we're underwater tries to differ slightly from its inspirations, is that, instead, keeps the elements of horror contained on our own planet, most namely the undiscovered areas of the ocean. the opening of the movie has a collage of text that showcases some of teen industry's explorations and how they had disastrous consequences. in the text on screen, we can see mention of high-risk jobs and rumors of sightings and the vastness of the ocean. these were covered up by the corporation. and this plays massively into the end of the movie and shows that thien, though aware of what's going on down there, don't show any signs of stopping what they're doing. this is where we are introduced to Nora Price, played by Kristen Stewart, and the rest of a team. the catastrophic breach hits the station due to the apparent pressures of the depths of the ocean. and this is pretty much the springboard for the film's plot. the crew must do whatever they can to escape the station and make it out of the murky depths of the darkness that surrounds them. unlike the movies that came before it, underwater doesn't really have all that much set up. it really throws you in at the deep end, pun intended. and because of this, I found the movie to be instantly engaging. if you like me, then being adrift in open water has always seemed far more terrifying than the thought of being adrift in space. there's just something about being stuck in the ocean, unable to see what's lurking down there. even with the monsters that the crew come across, I think this film still would have terrified me, just because of the saying. there's a real sense of claustrophobia from the outset. and even watching Nora brush your teeth in the movies introduction has a tense feeling to it. there's a moment where the pressure of the ocean alone kills a character by cracking his helmet wide open. that hammers home that in this perilous environment, death can come at any second. after the disastrous tear that starts the movie with a splash, Nora and another survivor, Roderigo, are forced to trap some of the crew water in order to save themselves. and instantly it grounds the movie with the notion that this is every man a woman for themselves. this has made ever more clear when Nora, Rodrigo and Paul, played by TJ Miller, crawl to an escape pod Bay, only to find that all of them have been deployed this notion of fighting for your own survival no matter the cost, comes into play massively towards the end of the movie and is pretty much the defining arc that Nora goes on. she realizes that sometimes you have to make a sacrifice for the greater good in order so that others can survive. we can see in the introduction of the movie that price is difficulty in putting herself before others, but she still does it. this is exemplified by the scene in which he trapped are the survivors under the water. but eventually this comes full circle with a life once more being on the line. but she goes the opposite way. price, Rodrigo and Paul slowly reunite with the other survivors, including Captain Lucian, and eventually they reached the control base, which is where they realized that if they're gonna make it out of this, they're gonna have to push themselves to the extremes. to get out of the area and back to safety, they must put on pressurized suits and walk one mile across the ocean floor to an abandoned neighboring station named at Robert 641. it turns out that this is the station we saw in the introduction, that ended up having a similar disaster to the Keppler. now, this wouldn't be much of a monster movie without any monsters, and these come in the form of several deep sea creatures that clearly had a hand in the destruction of the station. they discover a hatchling and a corpse that they come across, and this sort of adds a facehugger element to the film. and as they make their way to the ocean floor, they are slowly hunted by the monsters. it's as scary as you'd expect. and the film does a brilliant job of making you care for the characters, even though they don't have a crazy amount of screen time or character development. I think under waters strongest element is definitely its pacing. it's fast, constantly moving, and it doesn't give you time to catch your breath. I'd stopped doing the water puns, but what are you gonna do about it? yeah, no, that's a dislike button. get away from there. now I will stop, I promise. the movie has an incredible since soundtrack, and it really makes underwater a fun time. I'm surprised it's got a January release because it's way better than the month that most movies go to you today. as for the monsters themselves, they come in all shapes and sizes, from the tiny hatchlings to the humanoid size creatures that litter the ocean floor, all the way up to the gigantic beasts that we discover have been attacking the stations. these seem to be what most of the smaller creatures gravitate around, and they have an almost parasitic and symbiotic relationship with a larger version of the species. from what we see in the film, the smaller ones have nests, and price, at one point comes across a group of these are sleeping. they are able to stealthily sneak up on people due to their environments, and are adept at swimming. they are highly attracted to light, and thus navigating your way through that terrain is very, very difficult. there's a lip service pay to the fact that they live in a hydrothermal pocket, which is able to provide them with heat in order to survive the coldness of the deep. either way, they're scary as hell. and this ain't no mermen. mer man basically imagine coming face to face with the monsters of the trench, but you don't have the powers of Aquaman. that's what this movie feels like, and it's awesome because of it. the crew that make it through the descent, and there isn't that many, begin the walk across the ocean floor. lurking behind them is another Christian that slowly stalks them and drags one of the group away. Lucian chases after him, and he's dragged himself. price goes after him, and his drag too. but Lucian sacrifices himself in order for her to escape. I think this kind of shows that sometimes you must make the tough call. and Lucian was a man who but others above his own safety. he remarks about going down with his ship early in the movie, and you really get the feeling that he has a sense of duty. price says he should ignore this because he has a family, but still, he makes the tough decision. now I have a theory that this is because he was actually aware of the creatures, much in the same way that thien were. upon arriving at another station, they discovered that he worked there. and after seeing the movie for a second time, there are clues that he had prior knowledge of what was in the deep. this is based off his reactions and so on. but yeah, I feel like the clues are there. clearly, survived the first attack, a nurse probably feels like he should have died in that one. who knows what he went through, but either way, he's been through this situation before. it indicates that his sacrifice may have been because he feels sponsible for what he led the crew into. and there is some element of guilt there. the three survivors that make the walk, price, Havisham and Smith, get to the Roebuck, but they discover a giant creature wrapped around the station. this is clearly the one that killed the crew in the attack mentioned in the introduction. and it looks like the creatures have infested the outside of the station. the survivors rushed to the three escape pods, but unfortunately only two are functional. price puts the others before herself, convincing them to take the life rafts up to the surface. during their ascension, the gigantic creature emerges from the outer shell of the Roebuck, and we can see countless creatures hanging from it. they swim towards the to escape pods, and the giant begins to ravage the station. price makes the ultimate sacrifice and raises the core levels of the station, causing it to explode and kill the surrounding monsters. it's a turn that I wasn't really expecting, mainly because I've gotten so used to the final girl trope in horror movies. but this was a really nice change up the to get away. and it should be a happy ending. but we learned that teen industries once more covered up the disaster. they silenced Havisham and Smith by denying them access to interviews and destroy the camera footage, and tried to censor everything about the outbreak. the movie ends with TN announcing that they're planning to expand their drilling efforts, which is clearly hinting at a sequel. with crews disappearing one by one, I can see suspicions mounting up around the company. and the further they dive into the deep, the more likely they are to discover bigger and more terrifying creatures. I'm glad that they didn't go down the route of the the corporation wants to capture the creatures to sell em. but clearly they have little care over the life of their staff. we don't really know the time setting of the film or what the world's really like at this point, but if they're having to dive this deep, then we can assume that natural resources are a little supply. and the steen wants to go further into the depths no matter the cost of human life. even though we know that they are diving too deep, it seems that they don't care and will do whatever they can to make sure they have a supply chain. if there is to be a sequel, I can see it being set further in the depths, with us discovering more about the ins and outs of the monsters as well as their homes. I'm definitely interested in seeing a follow up. in this movie massively surprised me. I wasn't expecting much, but I left the film enjoying it. and it's home atmosphere and soundscape really elevated above others. underwater doesn't reinvent the wheel, but it does a lot with what it has. and the premise is interesting enough to warrant a rewatch. if you haven't seen underwater, then I definitely recommend that you give it a chance. and that's why it gets an 8 out of 10. now obviously, I'd love to hear your thoughts on underwater. and if you want to see a sequel or not, comment below and let me know. and if you enjoyed this video, then please give it a thumbs up, and make sure you check out our breakdown of this weekend's are the big release 1917, which is gonna be linked at the end. we go over everything you need to know about the film and why it has the perfect ending. I think it's one of the best videos I've ever done. so definitely check it out. if you want something else to watch after this. if you want to come chat to me after the video, then make sure you follow me on twitter at definition whitey or head over to my discord server, which would be linked in the description below. we drop videos on there early, so if you want to see stuff before anyone else, and that's the best place to be. it's free adjoining. we have an awesome community. so hopefully we see over there very soon. we're also giving away a free copy of Joker, which is one of our favorite movies of the last year. and all you have to do to be in with a chance of winning is like the video. make sure you subscribe to the channel and leave your thoughts an underwater in the comment section below. the winners gonna be chosen at random on the 15th of January, and the cell be shipped out from then to ever. get surprised. so best of luck to everyone who takes part. this is a channel for people who are mad into movies. so if that's the kind of thing you like, hit subscribe. huge. thank you for taking the time to watch this. I've been definition. you've been the best. now, see you next time. take care. peace. you. 