josh kovacs is the building manager of the tower, an upscale apartment complex in new york city that has wall street billionaire arthur shaw as its tenant. its employees include josh's brother-in-law, concierge charlie gibbs, who is expecting a child with josh's sister, enrique devro, a newly hired elevator operator. lester, the doorman, nearing retirement, odessa montero, an immigrant maid from jamaica, threatened with deportation. and receptionist, miss ayavenko, who is studying to become a lawyer. one morning, josh witnesses what he believes is arthur shaw being kidnapped. josh chases the kidnappers, but is subdued by fbi agent claire denham, who explains that shaw was actually attempting to flee the country to resist arrest for masterminding a ponzi scheme, embezzling two billion dollars. josh confesses to the tower staff that he gave their pensions to shaw to invest, and they have lost everything. lester attempts suicide by stepping in front of a train, but survives after visiting leicester in the hospital. josh, charlie and enrique confront shaw under house arrest in his penthouse apartment. shaw expresses condolences, but is not sincere enough when he forgets to ask if leicester is all right. out of anger, josh smashes the windows of the 1963 ferrari 250 gt luso displayed in shaw's apartment living room. the general manager, mr simon, fires him for his actions, as well as charlie and enrique. josh meets denim at a bar, where she drunkenly suggests that shaw has concealed 20 million dollars as a reserve, and that josh should steal it. josh, charlie, enrique and evicted tower tenant mr fitzhugh conspire to find and steal the money from shaw's assumed safe. they supplement their inexperience by enlisting josh's childhood friend, slide, a petty criminal, and odessa, who has locksmith experience that can help open the safe. charlie is rehired as the tower's new manager, and, still feeling uncomfortable with josh's plan, warns josh that he must abandon it or charlie will turn him over to the police. subsequently, denham informs josh that shaw is scheduled to attend court on thanksgiving during the macy's thanksgiving day parade to avoid publicity, and that shaw will likely be set free. josh and his team decide to break into shaw's apartment during the parade. slide attempts to betray the team by reaching the safe ahead of them and taking all of the money for himself. having tricked odessa into giving him lessons, the team intercepts him at shaw's apartment, and during the ensuing altercation, they break down a false wall, revealing shaw's safe, which turns out to be empty. slide and fits hugh. fight over slides gun which fits hugh accidentally fires, and the bullet hits the ferrari's hood, revealing gold underneath the paint. they realize that shaw invested his money in gold, turned it into car parts and assembled the car to hide the money in plain sight, which is worth about 45 million in total. they then decide to lower it to fitzhugh's old apartment using a window-washing platform and then push it on top of one of the elevators. later, josh finds a ledger of shaw's illegal finances in the car's glove box. and charlie rejoins the team after realizing their presence, and saves fitzhugh from falling to his death. shaw and the fbi return, revealing the thanksgiving day court date to be part of josh's plan. denham notes the missing car and shaw's safe and remands him back into federal custody until his real court date for violating his bail by not declaring the latter denim. and the fbi arrest all the conspirators, but slide as they walk out the tower in the paddy wagon, josh reveals to shaw that he found the ledger. shaw tries to negotiate a deal to everyone involved with cash 10 times the value of the gold in the car in exchange for their silence. they remind shah they don't accept tips at the tower. at fbi hq, miss iovenko tells director mazin that she passed her bar exam three days ago and will be josh's attorney. she shows them shaw's ledger and tells them she will turn it over in exchange for everyone's freedom. mason accepts, on the condition that josh serve a minimal two-year sentence for car theft. shop leads guilty and is sentenced to life in prison. the team retrieves the car from the swimming pool of the tower, takes it apart and sends various parts to tower employees to compensate for their lost pensions, while they split the remaining of the gold for themselves. as josh is led to his cell, a satisfied smile slowly forms on his face. 