hello movie fans, and welcome back to another full movie recap with movie reveals. in today's video, we're going to give you a full play-by-play summary on the classic sci-fi movie called the black hole. if you like sci-fi, then this is one to watch. warning, this is a spoiler alert. but at least you will get to know what the movie is about. and whether you want to watch it or not, hope you enjoy. by the way, don't forget to hit the like button and comment below. it may not seem like much, but it really helps us we can continue to make more recaps like this one. thanks. in advance. in the year 2130, the deep space research ship uss palomino is on a search for intelligent non-human life on other planets. the crew is comprised of captain dan holland, lieutenant charles piser, a utility droid known as vincent. dr alex duran, who is the navigator and science officer. dr kate mccree, who is the medical officer and empath and who maintains a telepathic rapport with vincent via her esp lastly, journalist harry booth, after five years of searching unsuccessfully, the palomino is now on her way back to earth. vincent notices a large swirling disc on the monitors and suggests they correct their course. he then identifies the disc as a huge black hole, the largest ever recorded in history. while the crew is fearfully discussing the deadly possibilities of black holes, vincent displays something else, a seemingly derelict spacecraft standing off the black holes event horizon, the line of no return, and remaining motionless when it should have been pulled in. heiser and booth are more surprised to find a spacecraft so far away from home, since the palomino was supposed to be the first spaceship to get this far into space, than they are by the black hole. the ship is identified as the uss cygnus, commanded by german scientist hans reinhardt, which went missing over 20 years ago after failing to obey recall instructions after its mission was pronounced a failure. furthermore, booth recalls reinhardt as arrogant, pretentious and completely unconcerned about the worth of taxpayers money. the cygnus, on the other hand, has a special meaning for the paulimenno crew its exo. frank mccree is, kate's father, holland, against his better judgment, follows piser endurance advice, and sets out to meet the cygnus. as they get closer, they are affected by the black holes immense gravity. the gravity, however, vanishes as they get closer. durn theorizes that something from the cygnus is to blame, but no one on board can say for sure. the palomino abruptly separates from cygnus and is on the verge of being dragged into the black hole. palomino manages to flee, but is seriously damaged and requires immediate replacement parts. so when the paulo minnow once again comes under the protective influence of the cygnusy's gravity, the crews start to look for a way to land their ship and board. when suddenly, cygnus entire lights come on as if to welcome them. paula minogax was cygnus. and the crew disembarks, but piser is asked to remain back. they enter a vestibule where automated laser fire takes out their weapons and renders vincent incapacitated. he hasn't been badly hurt, but his combat procedures have been disabled. before the crew goes ahead, holland contacts paiser to inform them that they have been disarmed, but are unharmed. they then board an automated transporter, which is part of a ship-wide transportation system, and proceed to cygnus's control tower. they take an elevator up to the control tower, where they find a crew of strange looking humanoids dressed in hooded robes and wearing mirrored faceplates. though the humanoids seem to ignore them, they attract the attention of a red limitating war machine, who dares vincent to a fight without saying anything. dr reinhart comes from the shadows and tells the two robots to stand down before they can engage in combat. he identifies the battle machine as his cybernetic master at arms, maximilian. according to reinhardt, he is the sole human on board. after a meteor storm rendered cygnus inoperable, he and frank mccree stayed behind to fix it, while the rest of the crew abandoned cygnus in an attempt to reach earth, never to be seen again. mccree has since died. he also reveals or rather openly declares that he defied his recall orders because he intends to investigate the black hole and pilot his spacecraft in through and beyond it to another realm he believes exists. when a team of armored sentry robots escorts and paiser, their chat is interrupted. reinhardt diffuses the issue and then offers to give their ship the palomino extra components. piser and vincent are in charge of requisitioning the components they want, and they come upon bob, an old, rusty sanitation droid who has been abandoned since the human crew vanished. meanwhile, holland comes upon six of the humanoids performing what appears to be a funeral for one of their own. he also discovers crew rooms with furniture and uniforms, which is inconsistent with the ship being abandoned completely. booth also notices the ship's on-board garden, which is the size of a forest, and certainly large enough to feed an army, as well as the silent humanoid groundskeeper's visible limp. the palomino crew reconvenes to discuss what they've observed. and while holland is eager to accept the extra parts and leave cygnus as soon as possible. durant and mccree are interested about reinhardt's black hole reconnaissance intentions. reinhardt sends out an experimental probe shipped to map the black hole's event horizon, then invites the palomino crew to a dinner party where he will discuss his findings. vincent plays out in a shooting gallery with bob and other century robots, headed by their prototype captain, star, while reinhardt entertains the palomino crew in his vast victorian inspired dining hall. bob reveals that before reinhardt constructed maximilian starr was the master at arms, and that he is also responsible for most of bob's maltreatment throughout the years. bob is challenged to his shooting match, which star wins only because he distracted bob by nudging him while he was shooting. bob then admits that he purposefully let star win in order to prevent revenge. vincent is enraged and dare's start to a fight. despite stars cheating, vincent still defeats him, and star is so enraged by his failure that he actually blows a fuse bob is so impressed that he invites vincent to meet him in the parts storage area. reinhardt is excitedly discussing his study with his new guests. within the dining hall, reinhardt leaves himself to debrief the pilot when maximilian informs him that the probe ship has returned. holland and booth examined the contradictions they've uncovered in reinhardt's account after he's gone. although holland and booth believe reinhardt is mad, durant wants to give him the benefit of the doubt. bob restores vincent's fighting protocols to 100 and tells him the actual story. the humanoids are not robots at all, but the crew of the cygnus who have been reduced to drone-like mentality by a series of laser prefrontal lobotomies. two sentry robots locate the two robots as they are reconnoitering the sick bay where some maintenance lobotomies are taking place. they are destroyed, and the evidence is hidden by vincent and bob. they then rejoin holland, piser and puth, who have returned to palomino. while durrant and mccree stay in reinhardt's control tower, bob tells the three men what really happened to the crew. and when the recall order was refused, frank mccree attempted to relieve reinhardt of his command. reinhard accused mr mccrea mutiny and then killed him. he then had his sentry robots capture the rest of the crew and subject them to the prefrontal lobotomies that have turned them into humanoid robots. reinhardt and maximilian discover the remains of the two century robots bob and vincent were forced to destroy, and decide that it is now time to liquidate their guests. vincent is ordered by holland to contact mccreevey at esp and order her to return to palomino, with or without durant, and to explain her why. as a result, mccree informs during that reinhardt is a killer and that the control towers, so-called robots are actually the original crew during takes offer crewman's helmet, revealing his human face beneath. maximilian abruptly breaks away from his post and quickly murders durant, which makes mccree sick to her stomach. reinhard scolds maximilian, who nevertheless returns to his post. reinhardt then appeals to mccree to somehow protect him from maximilian, whereupon mccree denounces him to his face and says, if there is any justice at all, the black hole will be your grave. as of retaliation, reinhard has mccree taken to sickbay be lobotomized. vincent informs holland on board the palomino that durn has died and mccree has been transferred to sick bay, to the dismay of reinhardt, who watches on a video monitor holland, vincent and bob race to the cygnus's sick bay rescue mccree and kill half a platoon of sentry robots in a fierce fight. reinhardt directs the sentry robots to kill any illegal humanoids on that portion of the ship, then tells maximilian to let palomino take off and then destroy it with the cygnus's laser guns from a safe distance, while he prepares to descend into the black hole. when the allotted time passes. booth is eager to write off holland and mccree as dead and leave pisa refuses, insisting on a rescue attempt. succumbing to cowardice, booth feigns an injury so that piser will let him return to the ship. holland mccree and the droids find themselves pinned down by sentry robots as they get closer to the palomino. but piser, armed with twin pistols, manages to outflank the attackers. booth then tries to take off in the paulo minnow alone, endangering the cygnus and himself due to his poor piloting skills, he nearly hits the control tower before cygnus's laser cannons shoot him down. the palomino then crashes into cygnus in a near-miss that causes some minor but critical damage. the palomino crew now have only one avenue of escape, the probe ship. the cygnus, is getting hit by a shower of meteors as it approaches the black hole, seriously damaging its hull and shutting off its emergency reactors and zero gravity generators. the palomino survivors must avoid a massive, red-hot meteor that slams into the ship and travels the length of the main hallway as well as passing through the ship's garden when it is broken, all while evading and fighting sentry robots. in the control the humanoid crew receive alarming signs that the ship is now subject to structural overload. reinhardt orders maximilian to prepare the probe ship for launch. as maximilian starts to leave, a seven foot video monitor tears loose from its fastenings and crashes to the deck, pinning reinhardt beneath it, in a hint of the poetic justice that he will eventually receive. reinhardt cries out for help, first a maximilian, who apparently deserves him to make his own escape in the probe ship, and then to his lobotomized crew, who, of course, cannot understand him. maximilian is the first to arrive at the probe ship docking hoist and ambushes the remaining palminino crew. vincent assaults maximilian, after bob is brought down and paiser is knocked out, allowing holland paiser and mccree time to board the probe ship. vincent and maximilian battle with every device they have, culminating with maximilian grabbing vincent in a bare grip and attempting to electrocute him. vincent reacts by disabling maximilian's anti-gravity stabilizers with his cutting arms, sending him spiraling out of control, through a whole breach and into the black hole. bob, unable to operate any longer, bids vincent farewell before he boards the probe ship. holland takes off. as the cygnus becomes entangled in the swirl of star debris, and it surrounds the black hole, mangled into an unrecognizable mass. holland attempts to steer clear of the black hole, but receives no response. vincent quickly understands that the spacecraft has been programmed to obey reinhardt's instructions, a direct plunge into the black hole's vortex funnel. the crew, unable to change the path of events, decide to hope that reinhardt was a genius. the probe ship takes its straight dive down the black, red vortex and into the black hole. as it does. the crews start to hear voices, reinhardts and their own, repeating words spoken long ago, an effect of the tremendous time dilation as space-time has been suddenly, the scene turns to reinhardt, who is drifting aimlessly in the black hole's crimson vortex in the exact posture he took before the seven-foot monitor in the tower cab crushed him. then he catches up with maximilian, or rather maximilian, who has been waiting for him now takes him in an unbreakable embrace and draws him closer until reinhardt becomes maximilian, which the observer notices because maximilian's charge coupler optical device has become a simple visor out of which reinhardt's terrified eyes suddenly stare. worse yet. reinhardt, now inside maximilian, finds himself standing on a basalt land mass over a fire-covered, craggy landscape, accompanied by his lobotomized crew. as the view withdraws from them and pans down and then forward to show signace's crew and then the fiery lake behind them, the viewer realizes that they are all, quite simply in hell. then a church window-shaped portal opens and the viewpoint rushes through it and through an arch corridor through which a road figure, arms outstretched, floats past the viewer and forward. next the viewpoint picks up on the probe ship, now heading toward the viewer and out of a nebula-like star, aboard holland piser, mccree and vincent awaken from an apparent trance and realize that they are headed toward a bright light in space, not the harsh, lethal light of a star, but a very pleasant, warm light. they sit back and let the probe ship take them toward the light, which is apparently a white hole, the portal of heaven. the so-called four survivors of the uss palomino have put the black hole behind them forever. the end. if you enjoyed this video, make sure to subscribe and hit the notification button so you get alerted next time we upload a new video. also, don't forget to smash the like button and comment below. see you soon, and thanks for watching. 